let me get this straight: you think that your client, one of the wealthiest, most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands; and your plan... is to *blackmail* this person?


npccccccc


she'll get her job back or else the company will risk being called racist. hopefully the company stands its ground.


girl scout cookies


[easily explained with this.]([URL]


watching lefty comedians is indistinguishable from listening to dnc speeches.


/r/leagueoflegends mods locked a thread about lcl players banning all supports against an all-female team and deleted any comment remotely criticizing the team.


i love when people on tumblr call bs on each other, it's nice to see there's still some sanity there


what is -search?


dmhg>


you *are* trolling, right? you don't actually think white people are immune to arrest


extra credits is doing a series on it right now.


kahan gayi wo bike wali hot laundiya?


trash sub, trash comments (from both sides). i'm hardly surprised.


this is, incidentally, what white supremacists believe as well. just with slightly different phrasing.


[being gay idc let them have straight pride we as a culture can't put them down like they did us we must embrace them....]([URL]      [should have been other month instead of june!]([URL]         [why? they are just being happy being heterosexual and you are basically telling them: fuck off.]   ([URL]


you win some, you lose some.


so basically, she's too lazy for a m*sters


what is your formal education pizza?


[URL]


bully me harder.


[URL] they literally donate money to anti lgbt groups.


if pornhub buys tumblr, it would probably implode


okay, these folks are fucking insane, but theres one good, no, great thing that happened because of this. itv were covering it, and were showing reactions just like these. they also included usernames, which was fucking hilarious when they shown queen_laqueefa's response.


so many coincidences, no?


look - i'm not trying to say that exactly how a fascist would talk, but that's *exactly* how a fascist would talk...      how much more proof do we need guise?  before we get this fuck out of congress!      \s


what a bunch of losers, the only.dish worth talking about from waffle house is obviously the pecan waffles.  if you disagree you're a racist


it's very weird watching all of this play out, since randy pitchford isn't my idea of the angelic developer either.      people decrying the "sales practices" or egs, just to run into the arms of gearbox/pitchford is... strange.


no u      i am honored that you took the time to reply to me though, you are a unicorn these days.


and on the other end of the spectrum /r/fuckthealtright


sharia court of india


took a couple tries there, huh?


who added you as a mod there.      you weren't a mod last week and were only added after various reddit requests were submitted


just a question from a disabled guy: in what was does he need to be your rock? emotionally supportive? physically assistive? financially supportive? why is it imperative that you need someone to lean on?      disclosure: i live alone with a physical disability and use a wheelchair. i require full assistance with adls (bathing, dressing, toileting, etc.) my previous sos did not participate in my care or my medical treatments except under special circumstances, like traveling for a wedding.      all my relationships have been this way. sure, its hard. sure, my girlfriends may have to drive my vehicle so we can go places or cut up my food so i can enjoy a meal, but i never expect them to be my personal nursing aide. and sometimes accidents happen. things don't go as planned. and i have to rely on an aide. but its just part of being in a relationship with me. i don't want to be a responsibility. i want to be a boyfriend.


i actually legit brigaded their sub and got no ban for doing so, went as far as insulting the mod team directly through modmail and i got a bot message after 2 days that was "sorru cannot reed ur message becuz too many peepel are angry becuz they got beaned, try agin l8r". i'm still allowed to post in r/dankmemes, so what? i bet you 5 millions dollars that the mods are not active and the only thing that issues bans is a bot (i mean before the article 13 bot was active, there was an other bot) and seriously just thinking about this makes me sick of r/dankmemes. i would have continued the brigading/raid, but i don't want the reddit admins to suspend my account as a whole, but you get the idea this sub is cancer.


apparently even /lighting subs are cancer now.


gatekeeping absurd bullshit, nice job.


honestly, it's a good read. like i'm not even considering the fact it's so important to chinese culture that one of the characters is the literal chinese god of war, romance of the three kingdoms is a good read. i recommend it highly.


>the man planted a bullet to make it seem like the kids at the school are carrying guns in order to further his political agenda and institute more restrictive rules.      what political agenda is that, exactly?      the title claims "liberal teacher" but there's nothing in the article to back that claim up. even if his political leanings could be proven one way or the other that still doesn't prove it was politically motivated; sounds to me like he's just salty he got canned. but most importantly, even if a political motive could be proven, it's still not a hate crime hoax.


on a aita thread, one user suggests that op not waste money on an art degree, chaos ensues


my bad. the captain's name is sunil chetri.


oooh that's new      for me atleast


wasnt that the final scene for snow piercer?


isn't communism the ideology that views wealth as a zero-sum game though?  as in, the only way to obtain something is by taking from someone else?      those who support free markets believe that the free market is the most efficient method for creating *new* wealth


i'm ok with everyone as long as they don't assume i give a flying fuck about their sexuality or how much they feel it defines them as a person.


i am no police lover, but it is easy to understand their apathy in this case. most of the murder victims are a part of the gang game, and it's likely that they killed or injured other people. the police just don't care in this case since it is a part of daily life there, and the victims aren't saints themselves.  


hi! i wanted to pm you but i thought that would be invasive, glad you're here. i'm not sure why you were demodded, it all seems crazy to me. i thought your post was fine.


i am bearded but unmustachioed (i sport a whaler), and i use the method you describe (though i usually use barbasol with aloe for a daily shave, i do occasionally use my boarbrush and a nice shave soap to give myself a proper shave, mostly on the weekends when i can take my time and pamper myself a bit) on my upper lip and neck, largely for the same reason you and the person in the op have described: multiblade razors are an overpriced joke. straight razors give the best shave, oldschool safety razors give the most economical one, and modern razors give both the worst and least economical shave, so what's even the point of such a thing? i used to use a gillette mach 3, and thought it was the bee's knees, but my single-bladed, double-edge 1901-style butterfly safety razor, the same style that my father and stepfather both first learned to shave with, the same style that my grandfather used up until he was no longer able to shave himself, the same style that my great-grandmother used to shave her legs (we found one in her house when she passed. we also found her medical anti-hysteria device. that was slightly traumatic).      now, i'm not in the camp that says "if it's older, it's clearly better," but i am of the camp that says "don't always assume that newer means better," because sometimes changes are made for the better, and sometimes they're made for the sake of making changes. when a newer method works better, then by all rights we should switch to it, but we shouldn't "upgrade" just because a newer model exists even though it's worse than the old one.


i'm pretty sure dogs exist, and are not a fictional marketing mascot.      well, maybe some dogs are. but the vast majority of dogs aren't.


r/privacy mod [USER] breaks his own rules


brazil fell to a oneparty fascist state and are pretty into theocratic rule under the new regime


just as an aside, i've had, as a cyclist, drivers just straight up try to kill me.      the most obvious one was a van driver who, when we were approaching a junction, overtake me, then immediately turn the corner in front of me.       i ended up crashing into the pedestrian barrier as my least fatal option as opposed to veering directly into traffic, ramming straight into the side of the van, or breaking so hard i'd likely end up lying in the middle of a busy road.       before you ask, it was the middle of the day.       cycling in london is *exciting*


what's wrong with the manga? it's been enjoyable to me so far.


i... don't get it.


gym you fatties


well yeah, pretty much. but what i'm getting at (and another commenter in the thread tries to explain to the doofus) is that "marxism" itself is strictly theory, whereas governments that have attempted to use marxist theory as praxis have different terms. as they also said, it's fine for the meme, but more in-depth discussion necessitates more accurate terms, which doofus is unwilling to even consider.


that's a good example i did not think of.


this is nothing. there were rumours around floating about scrapping the article 370. no wonder mehbooba mufti is pissed.


soon


the system didn't deem him innocent of anything. there was no trial and even if there were, he'd be potentially not guilty, not innocent


outside of america, the world considers democrats centrists or center right.      there's no real "leftists" in america other than bernie


i feel you. is there a chance of you embracing your voice?? one of my favorite streamers has a peculiar voice, he did took a little bashing at first but as soon as he "accepted" his voice, his stream did well and he was hired to a bunch of live events. ironically (for the haters), as a commentator and a hell of a good one. i hope this little story helps you in any way


does nyc generate more economic activity than the midwest and south combined? one /r/nyc user claims his congressional internship gives him access to secret gdp data.


that's a bot.


becoming a professional school shooter be like..


22 lbs is 9.99 kg


yeah, what the fuck is this font?


dude just old as fuck.


i don't know your age, it's not necessarily to disclose that information if you don't want to. but i was a late bloomer. just didn't get my confidence til i was a junior in hs. if you're young, try acting like you are confident in yourself in the majority of your abilities and skills. you would probably be telling your something that you should have last year or before, that is if you aren't so confident in yourself. it's perfectly normal.      try as hard as you can to battle your depression spikes with some wholesome positivity with someone who means a lot to you. it might help but it definitely wont do damage.      if you ever need someone's ear to bend, message me. i'll do my best to help you if i can.


but why


for anyone interested in the romance of the 3 kingoms, i **highly** recommend the romance of the 3 kingdoms podcast. the guy who did it noticed that the english translations of the romance were pretty dry and long winding so he decided to tell the story himself. he adds tons of infos that aren't in the book (historical context, supplemental episodes on famous characters and lifestyles, etc) and he's really entertaining.       he also looks at the story through a historic lense and most of the time comments  on the more fantastical parts of the book.


problem is these people don't believe they are protecting anything. they view america as nothing more than imperialistic.


video made in india after tech transfer from apple


an enabler at the very least.


steel


the epic store may not be an excuse, but my being broke and not giving a fuck sure is.


> i can't wait for ~~solid snake~~ big boss potus


the only probably is that america is not a democracy. elections are a horse and pony show put on by the bourgeoisie elite and have no real meaning. democracy can only truly be realized through a vanguard party formed by class conscious workers to execute their will in a dictatorship of the proletariat.


88 dimensional chess by spez


any *other* questions? i didn't even know i had any until i read this!


yang is thor - really only one good move. harris is captain america - lots of generalities that propel her to power despite not actually being super good at any one thing. +66 r/politics


he did have a plan the back up date


i'm sure you understand jesus advocated division between good and evil, not for example, saying a person cannot be trusted because where his parents are from, or telling women their faces are ugly or look like dogs, or lying and smearing someone by saying their parents were murderers, or mocking a disabled reporter for not backing up his lie. jesus said many other things that you won't quote because they cannot be taken out of context as a defense of trump, and only unambiguously portray him in a negative light.


mayos      oops


that's an actual phrase


her reasons are dumb, but i support this because female is traditionally an adjective and not a noun.


ever ?


same, i honestly hope they get a chance to needle him with every possible leading wild goose chase question they can possibly think of just so they can be exposed for the desperate speculators they are.       then maybe, just maybe they can finally shut the fuck up and start caring about things that matter besides, "blonald blumpf is a bad guy!!".


>sex trying to escape because there is so much      what the fuck???


lol i like how this was your big opinion that set people off, it seems pretty tame tbh


tons of them in valley.


curb is cheating cause it's just seinfeld the extended series. always sunny is great though.      also i can't belive i didn't put the original seasons of arrested development next to seinfeld.


it's because the problem is fucking relevant. sure, those are all issues, and sgoukd be brought to attention, but we just lost a part of history. my god, these tweets give me second-hand embarrassment.


chitta=cocaine. crack freebase coke hota hai, meant to be smoked


you seem mad, which banned alt are you?


wypipo? isn't that a jojo character?


most scientists have phds. most mds aren't scientists, either.


yeah but it's "against the rules" in the most technical way possible though if no ones actually wanting to enforce it. my workplace technically has a rule against eating anywhere but the break room but following that rule means me and most supervisors end up running back and forth from the upstairs room to the checkouts if there's any issues, so we would have breaks in the office instead. technically against the rules but doing so was the only way we could have breaks longer than 5 minutes and actually get to eat.      this is a situation where the worker either eats on the line or causes delays, the article basically says so. i'm much more forgiving of an employee needing to eat between assignments and this is far from letting everyone eat.


no, gorillaz was created by a green man.


i really, really like this actor, but why can't they just relegate him to to cameos or sidelines from now on and give the major roles to people of color or the lgbt spectrum?


wait a fuckin minute is there a 4chan app on android?


i will give you 2/5  take it or leave it.


it is their weapon of choice


it's like clenching your nuts in a fist and diving crotch first into a wood chipper.


and i oop-


...big mood.


i literally don't even know what that sentence is saying.


i just figured out my parents are pushovers.


wakanda forever ✊✊[URL]


oh no, *neighbourhoods* of them!!


i'm going to hell for laughing at this


i've been watching tim pool and he's been praising the local reporting on this whole incident.


deus vult brothers!


put *what* together? your logic doesn't just switch tracks, it departs the train, gets on a spaceship and travels to mars.


i was not aware there was a real jon snow until this moment.


you're right.  it just shows that reddit is not neutrally enforcing its rules and is acting with editorial discretion.  reddit is therefore responsible for all of the content posted on its site.  what are they doing to ensure that child pornography isn't posted on /r/gonewild?


r/usernamechecksout


can't see what you said


is it though? let's see what the lead author of the study that first established the dunning-kruger effect, david dunning, [has to say.]([URL]


close the gates!


reminder that /r/games had one of the earliest comment graveyards in reddit history


> this is the same basic tactic used by the alt right to recruit people: offer an idea of belonging to people who feel they don't have one.      notice. how i said the exact same thing?      >now, heres the sad part. they say this is "the same way the alt right recruits incels" which is partially true. kind of. theres a grain of truth in it in that its easy to radicalize groups that have been oppressed, mistreated, etc. this is the same basic recruiting tactic that isis uses; they find vulnerable people and promise them that they can be apart of something bigger, something greater, somewhere that they can finally belong. - cults have also been known to use this tactic.      reading comprehension. it's a valuable thing to know.


all this post did was make me want chick-fil-a


fuck hu lao gate. that mission gives me anxiety.


also something about cultural marxist sjw feminists or whatever is the reactionary boogyman this time.


honestly my theory is that most people don't like egs because fortnite and then use the legitimate reasons for not liking it as a cover up.


this seems kind of banal for this sub


seek help


i'm sure that the staff will appreciate this, they are under appreciated and someone noticing them and thanking will make them happy


[URL]


i got banned from a sub reddit for no reason what so ever. kept asking in mod mail why, and kept getting muted for 3 days. one of the mods slipped up and asked another why they had banned me, so i messaged the mod who was the one that did ban me. they did say if i kept messaging them, they'd report me. account suspended for a week... pretty instantly aswell


drama in r/tinder when a user try to be a white knight complaining about the opening the op tried and then is backslashed by the community


they are not even giving reasons when i asked them. i dont think this is hate speech. this was just an opinion.


bhai toh [oc] likh.


based and yangpilled.


good job to this fren


they're both jokes


no i'm serious i'm not the guy in the post!      i just happened to have the same starting username!


deus vult


i don't think old psychiatric hospitals let the general public in to gawk at the patients.


just a remindyer, unlyern it plyse! thank you!


i already have chegg, but i still struggle to understand. i tried my university's free tutoring and some students forgot the material already.      and i agree, i have more fun driving a manual transmission. mind you, it's not just engineering students, but plenty of engineering students gave me shit for it with the exception of car enthusiasts.      i am not so sure if i am passionate about applying statics and dynamics. i finished all of calculus, barely passing, and i also finished all of physics, better than calculus. but, again, i'm not sure if i'm passionate enough to apply those concepts. maybe it's that i can't relate textbook problems into applying into engineering, or something like that?      i'm only 2 years in. yes, i'm currently looking into trade schools as an alternative, something hands on.       thanks for your help.


it's due largely to the huge security flaws and leaks within the client.      most people get tens of failed log in attempts of their accounts daily. why would i have any payment info on such an insecure platform?       just my two cents


they would dunk on star trek fanboys too if they acted how star wars fanboys act


as i learned from this thread, it's because he sucks


> this feels like an english teacher trying to find hidden meanings in regular books      the original detail is just a little background joke, but this anti critical thinking line of thinking makes me so angry. what's wrong with analysing things you read or watch?


the quickest way to become a rightoid is to get a job with a set bonus structure and watch your $10k bonus hit your bank account as a $7k bonus. a couple $100 out of your biweekly check is kinda tolerable. seeing a chunk of your hard work get taken by the government at one time is a kick in the bussy.


never gonna happen      growth rate of muslims will go down just like it did with us it will take time hindus will always be in majority      >kashmir is gone, wb , kerala are next and up will follow soon.      kashmir isnt gone if the government is able to remove 370 then hindus can easily settle in it .   kashmiris are very few in number as compared to hindus in rest of india      wb ,kerala and especially up are not gone either .   we hindus have faced a lot in the past and have learned from it and i domt think anyone is stupid enough to keep getting fucked again and again


my favorite was when michael avanetti was arrested, they deleted it as "off-topic"      when michael avanetti was acquitted it was top of the sub.      their bias is laughably obvious.


lund pe check krte to 100% bakri


reference over head


if you want to pirate, then just pirate. you don't need to dress it up and claim some kind of moral authorization to do it. you're not kidding anybody. just pirate it.


i never thought there could be such a thing as a controversial question about lightbulbs.


i had a look at it and i'm none the wiser. really really bad ms paints caricatures of people the artist really doesn't like? with a heavy dose of general bigotry.


and fortunately for the usa ... it aced that test.


one thing i've been trying to figure out for a bit now. when they say incel do they mean people who claim to be incels or everybody who just can't get laid?           though honestly i'm pretty sure the answer is yes


it was a hostile take over by the sima family, by the time cao cao died his second son cao pi took the reins and declared himself emperor. cao cao was very adamant about never doing this because he still considered himself a servant of the han dynasty. cao pi died shorty afterwards and his son cao rui took over. cao rui was just as incompetent as shu-hans emperor liu chan(liu bei son) or a dou. didn't take long for the sima family to take over. these new emperors were too caught up in spending their empires wealth on luxury. i feel like this is the case because they were all born into a state of temporary peace, the three kingdoms deadlock was already in effect so no one really attacked each other for a few years(massive battles) so these new emperors has absolutely no military experience.


this is stupid i know, but i been trying to find my soulmate (again stupid i know) for like most of my life and he's just not there. i don't even understand why this is such a big deal for me, finding love and such but it's so heartbreaking to me that like it's making me have a hard time breathing. by soulmate i don't mean perfect, i mean like mostly compatible and wants the same things i want and there's this connection. i don't get why i haven't found him yet, it's annoying because my standards aren't like high (i don't care about looks or money or that stuff), it's more so i want his personality to be specific to mine. can someone just kick me out of this stupidity? like of course soulmates don't exist why am i such an idiot about it


ironically, it's a ripple from them, starting in new york and virginia. the right have been saying abortion is murder for decades, now they push for allowing abortion up until dilation, and talk of keeping babies "comfortable" after being born alive, conservatives are going to start pushing back hard.


pick a musical instrument and learn to play it. if needed, sit and watch tv/movies and practice playing while watching. good way to pass the time, and you're still being semi-productive in learning/practicing.


i think it is a great example.  the easiest way to get into the us is to have a skill that is needed.   that it is a bit more difficult now is irrelevant.      look at the immigration rules for other developed countries.


eh. gotta take it in stride. it's not like we're oppressed or something.


true, but that's because big tech is expressly neoliberal. this means their censors will filter some far-left content they find objectionable, but that's because their main target is anything that questions the established order.      which, far more often than not, is the right, and especially the dissident right.


they have very strict comment rules. no jokes, tight limits on anecdote etc.      for the most part, they enforce the rules fairly (just based on my own personal experience).      if you want a community with less restrictions on posting/commenting check out r/sciences. i think it is a pretty cool place. but i might be biased since i started the subreddit


*ghandi wants to know your location*


thanks. i am doing my best to grow and move past this. i just keep getting caught in a pit and think how could she do this to the person she claimed was her soul mate. like fuck we were so close and she just...im doing alot now to keep myself occupied. thank you for your response. means alot to me.


i had no idea they were still on tv


we can see for ourselves that's false. effortpost time.      | category | upvotes | platinum | gold | silver |   |-----------|-----------|-----------|------|--------|   | [yta](/r/amitheasshole/comments/c5y237/aita_for_giving_my_concert_ticket_to_another_girl/es4sbfa/) | 9971 | 1 | 6 | 7 |   | [yta](/r/amitheasshole/comments/c5y237/aita_for_giving_my_concert_ticket_to_another_girl/es4v7d2/) | 7901 | 1 | 3  | 5 |   | [nta](/r/amitheasshole/comments/c5y237/aita_for_giving_my_concert_ticket_to_another_girl/es4stnr/) | 5521 | 0 | 1 | 6 |   | [nta](/r/amitheasshole/comments/c5y237/aita_for_giving_my_concert_ticket_to_another_girl/es4va2m/) | 3783 | 0 | 1 | 1 |   | [nta](/r/amitheasshole/comments/c5y237/aita_for_giving_my_concert_ticket_to_another_girl/es4uxou/) | 2049 | 0 | 1  | 0 |   | [nta](/r/amitheasshole/comments/c5y237/aita_for_giving_my_concert_ticket_to_another_girl/es4xllr/) | 1588 | 0 | 0 | 0 |   | [yta](/r/amitheasshole/comments/c5y237/aita_for_giving_my_concert_ticket_to_another_girl/es55eak/) | 648 | 0 | 0 | 1 |   | [yta](/r/amitheasshole/comments/c5y237/aita_for_giving_my_concert_ticket_to_another_girl/es54yyn/) | 402 | 0 | 0 | 0 |      i could keep going, but the first two yta posts blow everything out of the water with nearly 18k upvotes, 2 platinum, 9 gold and 12 silver. the next 3 nta posts are 11,353 upvotes, 3 gold and 7 silver.


the original comment ended with "fuck you and fuck them" in reference to conservative lurkers.


     > i have so many questions...      > this washington post-abc news poll was conducted by telephone august 16-20, 2017 among a random national sample of 1,014 adults, including users of both conventional and cellular phones. the results from the full survey have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. sampling, data collection and tabulation by ssrs of glen mills, pa.      this is what i had read initially and had thought all 1014 answered each question, i hadn't seen the specific vote counts. that's my mistake, though i don't think an n of that size necessarily renders a poll worthless, and i still stand by my view that "nobody supports them except those in the group" is an exaggeration, and a potentially dangerous one at that.       i also want to point out that the concern isn't so much the people that some people may currently support neonazism or white supremacy, it's those who aren't necessarily in that world but are susceptible to brainwashing and propaganda. before probably the late 90s/early 2000s you had to join a group to be radicalized. not the case anymore. it's the same mo that isis uses — find young men who are somehow emotionally susceptible to propaganda; maybe they hold a lot of anger in, maybe they are (understandably) sad and resentful that they can't find someone to date, maybe they have some unresolved trauma... and they find an ideology that for some reason is an outlet for that — it gives you something to express your anger and emotions at (even if it may not be wholly logical but someone can convince you it is). you don't have to meet up with people to be a white supremacist. you don't have to indicate it to anyone outwardly. as long as you don't express it in public, and you contain it to your online persona, nobody really ever has to know. but that doesn't mean you're not a white supremacist. it's still infected your mind and poisoned your thoughts. and you do, quietly, support those whose actions support the lies you've been deceived by.      ^just to be clear, this is in a generic "you", i'm not accusing you of any of this      > hit in the head with a baton or bat      i hope it's clear that i don't condone this whatsoever. and this isn't okay regardless of the victims political affiliation.      > majority of people agree it's bad, which is not the case with the things antifa does.      but in order for this to be at all relevant — you would have to believe that antifa is exactly as bad as all the white supremacists and neonazis that i linked. again, can you point to any political assassinations or murders by antifa? or any things that are directly parallel to *any* of the stories i linked?      i'm also *very* doubtful that most people don't disagree with antifa in general, let alone specifically the violent actions.      > the difference between supporting assholes.      do you think all assholes are created equal or something? would a guy who gets road rage and brake checks you be as much of an asshole as a guy who leaves his 2 year old child in the car while he gets smashed at the club, crashes head on and kills 5 people including his child?            people don't have to think about these things in a completely black and white way. you can agree with a particular groups intentions and motivations without condoning all of their actions. just because two groups do bad things does not by nature of that make them equally immoral.         the hoax stuff is interesting and probably worth exploring but not sure how it relates to this stuff.


they are required to by law. illegals go to the hospital when they are going to give birth and they are also required by law to deliver the baby and do their best to make sure everyone survives. the person in the op is delusional. it's not like they keep the baby as collateral until you pay your hospital bill.


i still think on average the right dominates the left in terms of memes. when was the last fringe left meme? where is a good one at all?


yes. since they defrauded you, but you'd have to know who the fence was and get them to actually pay the judgement after the case. for someone hocking stolen phones i doubt you'll be able to do either of those.


i refuse to believe this is real.


you know, i don't think the chinese restaurant owners care about who eats their food so long as it's earning them money to feed their families, keep the restaurant open, and live a comfortable life. so.....


communism and fascism make playing the game much easier. you don't need an actual reason to declare war on people, you can send volunteers to fight in other people's wars right away, and less is required to change conscription laws and economies.      there's also the kaiserreich mod, which portrays france, britain, half of italy, a third of india, and, possibly, the united states as being controlled by anarcho-syndicalists. the same mod also has kaiser wilhelm ii still in power and the german empire ruling a good portion of the world, but thankfully kaiserboos are a tiny, insignificant minority.


i mean if you buy a stolen thing without knowing it's stolen you obviously don't get to keep the thing. this should be obvious.


why the fuck do you have to blame us for mexico's bullshit? stop assuming every fucker is a zombie and can't make decisions for their own. stop blaming others for actions of some. remember accountability. unless the laws were made in mexico city by americans or mexican kids raised by americans, americans have nothing to do with it. both the good and the bad.


if you didn't get him during the event you done gone and f'd yourself. idk how or if you'll recover in life.


just use the universal pronoun, "dude"


i think you need to think about your audience when you're making those comments, instead of taking it personally.        in a subreddit about anxiety, maybe they are too anxious to respond. maybe they are busy fighting with anxiety and don't want to type out a long response to you. maybe they read your post, appreciated it, and then the thought of getting help overwhelmed them. maybe they never saw it at all because they panicked and logged out after posting.       in a subreddit about depression, maybe they are too depressed to respond. maybe they are busy fighting depression. maybe they appreciated your post, but can't gather the energy/motivation to type a response to it. maybe they feel they've already wasted enough of your time.       in a confession subreddit (or one like this one), people aren't necessarily posting for your input. maybe they just need to write it down and get it out there. sometimes a person doesn't want advice in that case, so replying saying "thanks for the advice!" feels fake. maybe they completely disagree with everything you've said and don't want to be petty and be like "thanks but nothing you said is right and you're not helping at all". or, maybe they read and appreciate the advice, but they don't think thanking everyone who gives unsolicited advice is a good idea.       all of those are subreddit-specific reasons, but there's also reasons like... maybe they got a lot of responses and don't want to reply 20 times saying "thanks!". maybe your comment is identical to 5 other people and they've already explained/answered your questions elsewhere and don't want to do it again. maybe they intend to reply, but get interrupted and forget. maybe they don't see replying to random reddit people as a priority.       in short, it's probably not personal. just relax. no one is an asshole just because they don't thank you for your advice. your advice should be like a gift - they don't owe you anything in return, and if they do, it's not really a gift.


sanghi babe


thanks fam


i have even worse news for you.      metagross is ru.


it's where hitler lives.      >*"brizistol...county...rhoad island..."*


looks like she spent it at macdonald's.


i knew the second he talked about how they were still in retail posting about politics and haven't grown up reddit would recoil in pain.


stop trying to be so accommodating.      do you live in a place with no-fault divorce? just start proceedings if you haven't.      stop being accomodating, and go for half.


>  i think we should all flood that poll and show him we respect woman and their right to choose      this post could honestly be from subreddit simulator. except the bot would use 'women'.      ai takeover when


what do you mean it's not the first picture of a black hole?


subscript to p-slur!


you ruined it in the title


existance is suffering, this is a non-arguable fact and has been known since atleast buddhism came along come on.


well it si gender studies so maybe spinster of "science".


reminds me of 3008


do you know how to let go of submissions?


fuck you peta; steve irwin forever!


it's really low, yeah.


yeah read about this a few years ago. it's not just china, but japan, too. japan really likes chewy food, for example. i also saw a video of a japanese inventor experimenting with a small electric charge in the fork. so when you ate, you felt the electricity.


what do you think of people who call things "cancer"?


for now maybe. soon enough you will be starving to death, unless you are an minority, in which case you will die in a death camp.      but sure life is wonderful isn't it?


only if you come from a perspective of "create as much happiness as possible", which is dumb.


til horsemanship is a keyword.


>active in chapotraphouse      time to stop brigading and get a job


i'm on the opposite side of most here as a mod but i get harassed by a number of users who end up not having any action taken against them. got a user that likes to pop in every few months with a nasty pm and the admins just say to block them. guess i'm not a power user.


happy fathers day


country that predates fascism by about 200 years has always been a fascist country.      today we try to type like we are writing a george orwell novel.


y'all      can't      behave


> i searched youtube for "katie bouman" and not only is *that* video the first result, the 10th result was "jordan peterson debate on the gender pay gap, campus protests and postmodernism"      im weak lmaaoooo


this scandal is also easier to handle than the failed collusion narrative.


is it even possible to mark a comment as nsfw lol? i'm pretty sure that's only for threads.


oh fuck, don't pursue zombie lu bu.


i demand trial by combat


/r/politics -- "i'm doing very well and would gladly pay more taxes for a better country."      also /r/politics -- "why are they making me pay more taxes on my $300,000 townhouse in my blue state with a ridiculous cost of living?"      galaxy brain /r/politics -- "let's move to a red state, then vote for all the crap that made my blue state uninhabitable and forced me to leave."


you're the one with the stupid opinion. you go cite something      and that, that right there ladies and gentlemen, is how you create political discourse and ensure that your opposition will never take you seriously.       if that is the kind of thing you are going to attempt to pass as argument, then don't debate. you're doing absolutely no one a favor.


icecreamgender


thank you.


lol, already at -2 karma


don't think it's an american thing, that's just people.


wait, who the fuck is giving 13 year olds blow job tips.  that is not okay.


i'm not upset... just think it's stupid


that's their internalized racism, or something. ‍♀️


unhealthy moderation from r/mildlyinteresting(default sub). unknown moderator accuses me of abusing the report button despite me having not made a single report.


i am not associated with this.


> you did not quote me at all in your response.      is that not your blog? if not, i apologize. i quoted a paragraph that the author of the blog wrote. it's right there on the page.


well yes, i'm pretty sure i have never heard "pika pika" genuinely on my own now that you mention it, but i don't see what that has to do with anything.


repeat after me:      **praise geraldo**      **praise geraldo**      **praise geraldo**


it's actually a pretty brilliant system. with all the tiers, including pu, fu, and little cup, every pokemon has at least a semi-decent chance of being sort of playable in some fashion.      except regigigas.


um.... i was molested by a female family member tho...


well, that's actually true. however i've been to a few restaurants that sell both pho and ramen before, so it's not like it's impossible to make a restaurant based off of "asian cuisine" and include lots of different cultures within it


i wouldn't dare sir


> far superior to metal in terms of melody and variety.       clearly you haven't listened to much metal


oh this is a great day.


you assumed it was racist


it's okay you don't make enough to actually need to pay any.


literal npcs.


this is a copypasta, its satire. jesus this sub is full of dumbasses that cant tell something is a joke.


ok they might be the lil beetles that look similar. i've literally only seen two of them and it's been two months.


dogs don't carry bed bugs.


i always found it funny in the military when even the female drill sergeants would refer to privates as males and females, almost exclusively. and nobody cared.


it's racist to be straight now i guess


he's a prepper "dude weed lmao" lolbertarian


psa: never, ever respond to pms from users that might have an agenda against you. you can be reported and successfully banned for "harassment" for replying to someone who messaged you.


****let kashmiris decide their future bro intensifies****


op lies about "brothers" accomplishments in /r/pics . commenters soon find out things are not adding up.


hello werft, this post has been found to be in violation of rule 6:      > use accurate titles - titles must contain a **quote and score** from the content being highlighted. preferred format: "quote" [score] (or [score hidden])         you have used a deceptive title for this post and therefore this post will be removed.


this guy has unironically convinced me to buy an expansion pack for a game i dislike and never play when i could be spending my money on eu4 expansions.


yes, but mothers are more likely.


>hearts of iron 4 is one of the most complex games i've ever played.


sometimes i agree and than i think about prototypes in the engineering industry and understand it


the argument used to be 'what happens in the bedroom is none of your business' regarding marriage, now it's 'what happens in the bedroom you better fucking pay for'.


why can't any libertarians ever give a direct answer to that question? maybe the chapos are right.


they're really not, but i can't blame them for riding this drama wave of /r/fragilewhiteredditor's


aren't hardcore libertarians against the welfare state and safety nets like food stamps?


he forgot the clapping emojis too


s e e t h i n g


leather belts and chains is a consenting adult's kink. animal fucking is a crime.


there's about a days worth of protein in a one dollar box of whole grain pasta. that's neither expensive nor totally unfeasible to actually consume. not saying it's your cup of tea, but it's nothing like the lettuce example.


[you idiots in r/menslib actually thought that was real???]([URL]      -r/mensrights poster replying to r/menslib mod responsible for the joke, on a post on r/mensrights thinking it was real.      can't get anything past these big brains.


heelsupharris has no shot. just the current flavor of the month.


its not ok to be not un-whiten't


my best friend doesn't know i'm suffering


like clockwork, i remember they did the same thing when sombra came out


> we need to hear from the company first for an explanation of what that rope is used for and why it was where it was      maybe like she should have fucking done before automatically assuming it was a racist act. but na it's easier just to scream racism and try to get paid for doing nothing.


they are just trying to scare me. it isn't working.


imagine actually believing this.


there's a lot more than a dozen pokémon that are viable for any of the metas.


nope.


am i a power user? but anyway i never understood harassment       yesterday i did message a guy who made it about themselves when talking about a shooting that occurred that ddint even involve the person and i pm'd saying that they should make it about the victims instead of themselves and then i got told to fuck off


i just hate everyone involved in this image.


hey that's me, i am actually gay , and i joke that i am a ragging faggot who wants to suck every dick i see, but i should be sent off to a conversion camp. it's almost like people laugh at different things


it's about spreading awareness


excuse me it's epepepedophila!      if you shoplift, you're hurting the store but if you pirate you're hurting the devs and publisher. so these gamers should go and shoplift to support the devs.


why you don't need to experience dysphoria to be trans:      \*flips coin\* it's a eurocentric definition of transgender.


yeah i must agree, it's not just a question of having the right to know where you came from. it can be a question of life and death, considering the plethora of hereditary diseases that exist in the world.


no. they meant as in some great songs.


out!!!!


mueller's whole team was made up of democrats and specifically hillary supporters.  you would have thought a 50/50 split dems and reps would have been more impartial.


goddamn that is terrifying to think about


it's not that hard to come up with a message that resonates positively with men, you just get called sexist if you do lmao


it's hard to hear other bash you when you try so hard. trust me, get it from my own family. as hard as it seems, just plow forward and be to busy to listen to them.


done


you said it yourself in the end of your comment, you are still looking to him for approval. that right there is what you need to try and stop from. what i'm going to say is a lot easier said than done, but it's a true fact. you must first love yourself and learn to be happy with yourself before someone else can truly see your value. when you look to them for reassurance, they can feel it. it pushes them away. the hard part is finding out what you love about yourself and what it is that you find fulfilling. but you have to or you'll be stuck in this constant feeling that you care more than others do. in which there's a truth to it, you are valuing them more than they value you. they in turn are valuing themselves more. so you need to value yourself more.


it's easy to forget that the biggest consumers [of electricity] in this equation are militaries and corporations - most of which provide nothing particularly useful to anyone. [+2]


maybe he's a mutant, like that three-boobed woman in total recall.


>have you heard any news lately in europe islamic terrorists that are left wingers       wat      >not to mention the backpack killer who shot up 2 mosques in new zealand and killed 50 people admired communist china and mao zedong      wut


you're not far off. the op is in highschool. it just reconfirms these pussies are barely voting age.


is me eating this instant ramen oppressing japanese people?   is me liking anime/anime music oppressing them?   is consuming anything (figuratively/literally) from any other country oppressing them?      no.      so what is this person mad about again?


left winger gets **destroyed** by 4chan meme


how is any of what you posted proof of white replacement?


~holds up juche torch~


i have a question.      what the fuck is up with that font?


i live in the south, georgia to be exact. other than usual political bullshit, and the overblown accusations of voter suppression in the last election, everyone lives pretty civilly with each other and it is much more racially  integrated here than any where i lived in california. these people have no idea what is going on in the south.


i just enjoy the "history repeats itself" motive always going on.


knock knock


there's an art to satire/edgy humor. just saying "fuck niggers" isn't funny. i'll make stupid jokes like that on a whim and then i'll be disappointed in myself for making such a stupid low effort joke.


you're the reason communism will fail


i feel so conflicted about this. he was my potential date...i was excited, because he said we could be exclusive fast if we clicked.      but then he told me how on hookups/fwbs he only does fingering/handjobs. he saves oral and other things for relationships. he likes girl on top, anal, blowjobs, etc. but will not do those on hookups.      the problem i have with this is that he's saying he wants his girlfriend to put in more effort for him, than a random woman did.       why should i do more for him, when a random woman got to fuck him with like zero effort on her part?!      i don't want to do more knowing we could've had sex without all the extras. i love oral as much as he does for example, but i don't like having different rules vs his hookups. i told him this, and he basically got angry. i'm not sure what to say next or if i'll even date him.       i like that he limits his std risks, but i really don't like being held to a different standard than the hookups were. what's appealing about that?


that's really fascinating my dude. thanks for sharing. i actually love me some good morally gray or even black characters (such as barry lyndon, one of my fave movies of all time), but the three kingdoms stuff you're talking about?      no thanks, it hits a little too close to home for me.


the right that dwells on 4chan is really good at memeing. the more mainstream right is about as good as the mainstream left. the equivalent to the 4chan kinda right for the left is worse at memeing than the 4chan right.


but is mayonnaise a gender?


yeah i actually used to post on there all the time but stopped because i thought my parents changed. spoiler: they didn't lol


nobody is allowed to eat on the train, you can actually get arrested for it.


just stay positive and take this opportunity to find the work you really want to do. good luck


in the end, it was bussy that destroyed the rightwing terror-cel


i dont understand


> **hijda de puta maricon**       fixed


this is a lie.


ist world problem, 4 sure. try living in a 3rd world country where millions don't know where the next meal is from.


this made my day


i'd love to hear a sincere argument that twitter is more societally beneficial than gang rape on cancer patients


i didn't get it !? please explain better.   i thought he downloaded an adult video and after it was downloaded he clicked "open"      explain to me if i was incorrect


[USER]


[USER] bot


what?


celebrities in general have no real platform to moan and whine and bitch like this. go home and cry into your millions of dollars, stop trying to be a symbol


too long for flair material sadly.


1. we don't add pbuh after the word prophet.      2. we don't add saw after the word mohamad      no serious answers, serious answers will be pubg'd


2nd biggest christian population in the world, right behind the us.


every day coming back from my new school to my room,  i can't do anything except being alone with my mind... i grew up in a child care home when my parents left me there. i was about 5yrs old there, and now more than one year, being 19yrs old, i dont want what to do with my life, i feel so lonely, haven't felt parents love and i really feel empty inside... but i still want love so badly... even if i go suicide myself, no one would notice that, because no one cares about me for sure...  but i can't  do that to myself, i wouldn't dare, cuz i feel that im too strong from inside and outside.. i just want to say that i feel very bad every day, i dont know what to do with my life, i want that someone would care about me.. my english is bad but i hope u will understand me. thanks


no, only on reddit will people write essays and paragraphs on it, wasting hours of their life


oh come on, cth is cheating.


i feel like no one on that sub is actually trying to get a date, it's either that they want to try out a terrible pick-up lines or they want to 'burn' some girl that was mildly rude to them.


hello, sherritom, this post has been found to be in violation of rule 5:      > post bad political commentary found on reddit (not limited to /r/politics), except from within this subreddit.      you have submitted content that is outside of reddit and therefore this post will be removed.


they are liberal


i now have so many questions


ye to sala "'swades' cum 'my name is khan" ho gaya


i got pmed by one of them lmao. they're definitely brigading.


i sorry i failed preschool


yo i got into my first relationship at 20 after no kissing or anything, my bf didnt even know if i liked him at the time cos i took a while to reply to his texts too.                 and about the people not replying, you need to try to be comfortable with yourself first (obviously you've mentioned that you dont want to be chubby etc.) and the only reason you're boring around people imo is because you're not comfortable enough to actually let loose and have fun.                 if your conversations are boring, it's might be either the people you talk to are boring or you're trying to get through the conversation without actually wanting anything out of it, so you end up droning on and on about things because you feel like you should be talking when you don't need to be.


pn to pawar aahe.


artist is leon karssen


i had to do the followings to manage it (still not sure if it's 100% bed bug but i got itchy at night and had rashes next morning)      1. sparingly sprinkle diatomaceous earth around the floor and crevices surrounding the bed   2. use mattress cover so the inside of mattress won't be infected   3. use handheld steam cleaner on the beddings and sometimes other clothes and furnitures regularly   4. wash & dry beddings at high temp at a laundromat weekly   5. put lice  spray around my scalp and body that get itchy before i go to sleep


in london, people could pay to tour bedlam and look at the inmates, actually. [URL]


on trump: "he is building his own terror network in the us already, radicalizing people to attack his enemies." r/politics [sh]


oh you sweet summer child


grow a pair


also he never kidnapped and killed animals just because he thought they were better off dead than in a comfortable and loving home.


i'm wondering how long it'll be until you're banned. godspeed, my friend      edit: rip in peace /[USER]. you may be gone, but you are not forgotten


is this how christmas is supposed to feel?


came here for this.


troll in libspeak is just one of many vacuous phrases they like to throw at anyone dissenting from neoliberal orthodoxy. other's include "ignorant", "wrong side of history", "fascist", "reactionary", "bigot", "russian bot".


i used to say shit like this all the time back when i was a hardcore atheist.      i finally had a moment where i realized i could barely quote the dude, had nearly zero respect for him, yet claimed to know his politically ideology in 2000s america.       this is what i see when i see this shit.


we'll keep making words not politically correct, and then people will just start using a different word.      "imbecile" was a medical term before people started using it as an insult. then "retarded". now "autistic".      this attitude will never go away but the words will just keep changing.


clinical laboratory scientist here...definitely healthcare, definitely stem.


yea i have no clue why they would pass that off as a libertarian thing, when many of them are some sort of anarchist larpers and are in favor of all kinds of things the public would consider degenerate.      got the feeling they only hate it because it's an older white guy and a blondie.


pikachu is a nazi apparently


thank you. i guess i just need to mature a bit more until i can understand it. have a nice day


there's nothing he can do to *prove* it.


my mother is a werewolf?


our open borders policies are letting them freely participate in our lolcow accepting upvote policies. they have to go back.


voting blindly for your party every election is a problem. it gives pets politicians off the hook for having to actually do something. 100 years of single party rule in cities like chicago and 70 years in detroit are the result of this.


apparently. they think that alabama will be the ripple effect for the entire country and roe v wade will go to the supreme court and be overturned - which i hope happens.


cmonbruh


omg he is want to have sex, creepy creepy creeeeeeeepy            !


i've got an abridged version of the story, but it's in chinese unfortunately so it won't help you


sacrifices must be made


#


personal greed will always trump personal ethics in the vast majority of people. tons of "charities" operate essentially as slush funds and a well paying job (if you're at the top of them ofc)


idk, i think the pressure is up even in parent groups to be "cool."  look at the competition among parents whose kids are in sports.  look at parents who get judged insanely by i need a break^^tm parents because they willingly spend and enjoy time with their kids.   pta moms.  parents who say to their kids "you can't hang out with your friend because i hate his mom/dad."


> i hope they get what they deserve      a congressional medal?


what's the deal with this "real [clownshoe buttsex] (posting) hours" shit? it sounds so terminally online and sad.


koi guest aaya ho to table pe chinaware, nahi to steel ki thali mein bed par.


inb4 sub is banned and account suspended for ban evasion


help us. help that person full of hatred towards whites? put me in line!


bond forfeit and community service seems popular.


watch an eternal stream and you will see 1-2 instances of mana flood/screw every 30 minutes minimum. no idea why you decided that this promo fit here.


ramirez      get the m4.


there isn't much overlap over regular hardware store customers and those who would boycott a business over supporting trump.


there are dozens of us! respect the fire floof.


to be fair, they were slavs.


i just started hearing that term incel. maybe i'm old but what does it mean? i thought it was people who can't get laid?       we used to call those people ugly. is open saying ugly people are bad?


holy shit, that site is literal cancer.


rafta rafta is still better.      ps: i'm forgetting a song from the same movie which is more befitting than rafta rafta...


imagine going up to someone and getting pissed because their spotify playlist didn't have the right black peepo music to why peepo music ratio.


how?      so far today we've got drama about a bunch of white af mods at bpt insisting people verify their race, a gaming community's mods being paid off by a gaming company and cross-spectrum idiocy from every mod who thinks they have a political barrow to push. i fail to see how this sort of crap has ever helped a community. if it keeps up, reddit exists only until a viable alternative springs up -- then it goes the way of napster.


non-racially inspired oppression, is oppression. repeat this to yourself, until you can breathe without swallowing your tongue.


those blasted white people and their... need for evidence?


this is the mentality of 'you should never hit a woman'. you should never lash out randomly at anyone. but if i maniac starts to rip your face off...


for maximum fandom despair:      * ochako is traitor   * ochako dies   * tsuyu dies   * deku ends up with momo, thus ruining the jirou x momo ship   * bakugo ends up with mina, ending all gay ships either character have along with not making any sense at all   * mineta redemption arc


that's what the patriarchy wants you to think


i don't really understand the comparison


no you did, don't worry. yes, it's horribly disturbing and the reason why i avoid twitter. a person's reputation could be destroyed before the truth comes out. and it doesn't even have to be a celebrity. look at the maga hat kid. people were calling for him to be expelled from school and blacklisted for life all because he stood and awkwardly smiled at someone.


>soccer is pathetic entertainment for cavemen      fair material ?


what a coincidence that everyone they don't agree with is also a nazi


yeah what an absolute garbage take.      >the end result of this is going to be people just not wanting to engage or bother with black people at all whether that is professionally or personally.         "other people being too nice to black people is forcing me to be racist" is such garbage thinking and i hate it.  if i found out someone was avoiding black people because the way *other* people are treating black people i would have to think they were a fucking idiot who was just looking for an excuse to justify their bigotry.


> if you advance all the letters and rearrange them you have nib. nib is the tip of a pen. pigs live in a pen.      this gave me flashbacks to a game show called [3-2-1]([URL]       god that show was awful, so obviously it was i had to watch while at my grandparents house.


console


i'm from new zealand and got banned


only left has the right to information. what an absolute idiot.


as a guy, i would prefer not to lick you there. and i dont want to be licked there either.


i have always thought that moderating should not be destructive. off-topic comments should be flagged, and faded or moved. especially in the spirit of science.,


anyone who uses the term bhakt in a political sense should be ostracized. starting with this pos virya das. this is a direct war on hindus mind well.


the losers who congregate on online forums to give dating and life """"advice"""" aren't the type of people who would go to a bar irl


with all all trans cast!


within the first two days at every job i've ever worked at, i knew where every camera was in my store/shop.  what a dolt.


literally anything.      tumblr: incel army!!!!


i never realized how dumb i was for asking my friends what we should eat without figuring out what meals they had this week and checking the urine/stool for any nutritional deficiencies.       maybe ask how high school treated them as well?


it never enuf


former cook county da comments....      [[URL]             speculation now has it that someone waaaay up the political food chain may have orchestrated this hoax with jussie as the "actor" in it, and the records were sealed because this person had the clout to do it.   the hoax was to be just another way to smack down trump and his base, but jussie, being fairly stupid, decides to do this in a polar vortex in the area of town where maga folks are harder to find than a public toilet.  not to mention writing a check to his friends to fake the deed....  so who?  who?  just who could be the masterbrain behind this?             would explain:             1. super eddie doing a pressor weeks ago about jussie to give foxx &co. the option of saying jussie was denied due process.  super eddie dose not go out without mayor rham telling him to.  then he is "livid" at the dropped charges, keeping his "law and order" cred intact and ensuring that he will go on to "super" here or elsewhere.  he is also seen as a good political soldier.    2. mayor rahm then acts all offended when the charges are dropped.  he keeps his reputation of "law and order" intact and hits at trump, keeping his left-wing cred intact.              what if the hoaxer was the same hoaxer who had to know of the russian hoax of "collusion" that did not exist, according to sc robert mueller?  what if the master hoaxer had strong ties to chicago and jussie and could get records sealed as easily as he could get them unsealed when he ran for state senator?       is master hoaxer  44?      


wow, you think bolton and the us arms industry lobbying wouldn't have anything to do with that.


why?


venom fucker


thanks! i figured she wasnt as bad as them but you never know. i dont try to presume i know anything about politics in europe unlike a lot of europeans on this website do with us politics.     


my hero academia is a better version of naruto don't @ me.


i think it's wrecking ballbut i could be wrong.


> subsequently crushed by the chants of "we pay, no gay".      classy.


whut?


how does christianity allow idol worship? just curious.


i didn't even think of that.


what about that guy who named his machete "kindness"? does that count?


umm.....jesus christ?


while you were partying, i studied the ~~blade~~ social sciences


>accused       described


they aren't even that much more pale


dekhe gangu humare pure white arabi judge jnaab kitne european lag rahe hai?       or tumare gangu judges ko deko hahahaha


this whole thing is such obvious bait


i don't quite understand what an apologist is


[URL]      you seem like a lovely, well balanced and empathetic individual.


frankly, i didn't get why you were a mod to begin with. no one liked your "courtship survey" posts and no one thought they were funny...


> only 6% of the public trusts the media      that study was nearly 3 years ago


oh hi :)


texas sub is a dumb shithole that is made up of 20 something """""urbanites""""" and not representative of the state at all


the author is already complaining on twitter that people are commenting negatively on her piece in the nytimes comments box. further oppression, i guess.


i'm glad they posted it i wouldn't have noticed it otherwise


hey drama is back


yup, dude insisted that tolkien didnt describe them that way out of any bias, even unintentional. i will try to find the thread, it is kind of sad that someone would so readily say that fantasy has zero literary value to avoid his favorite authors having some unseemly biases.


it really bothers me. being so over dramatic just weakens your point in an argument. i don't understand how people don't see that.


hey you saying i don't know my fentanyl


> it's crazy how many porn stars have random ties to sports celebrities or sports in general      i imagine if the announcer thought about it for 5 more seconds they'd realize the possible connection.


the op can apply for pr in j&k... if bjp doesn't remove 35a by then.


you are part of the problem


how easily they forget that the msm and clinton's campaign in particular tried their hardest to get trump to win the republican primaries because they thought he was the easiest to beat.


obvious satire


agree. atleast writing op-eds shouldn't be a large source of your income.


udon 4 life


the day you have make your first house payment


i hate it so much


i think the world will implode if someone doesn't post that quote from gabe newell about piracy and service whenever this epic debate comes up. like cool, some rich dude who owns the most profitable online gaming store in the world said a kind of obvious quote about service and piracy being related. spotify and netflix over there in the corner say hello.       where in the fine text does it say that means it's okay to pirate?


attention whore. just stick the damn thing in your eyes socket and shut up about it.


same, i keeep re reading it and it makes less sense every time


it's crazy because epic games is a really good company compared to its peers. everyone can hate fortnite, but their updates are 60% community driven. they listen to feedback from their community especially.


right. creating more of them is murder.


necromancer


iirc competitively it depends on the meta.


don't mind work as much as i mind being here 40~ hours a week when i only have 25-30 hours of work


harris has "lots of generalities" that got her in power? good news, cap's suit has knee protection.


is it just me, or the fact that they stained the word aryavarta pisses you off the most?       sacred games, ghoul and now this. what next?


yeah.      they'd either be shriveling up in fear or starving in a concentration camp.


what?      but tokyo has more michelin stars than new york and paris combined....      and he works with asian chefs...      he'll likely hire very talented asian chefs here too.


this is going to remain funny until the day some pasty english fuck walks up with a fast food cup and it's battery acid instead of fake dairy sludge, at which point it will become horrifying and hilarious and little sad all at the same time.


definitely is


since we're  talking about naruto in this thread, i still firmly believe that rock lee should have been the main character of the whole series and y'all can't change my mind


maybe he was dumb cause he got dropped as a baby


and apparently he's a good guy.


the chicken wing boxes with the sauce included are bullshit


it's not but that's an opinion. the rest are all pure trash.


beta uprising is an oxymoron.


why do i have the suspicion that this was either originally made or will be posted unironically at some point.


a girl i loved wrote a song "about" me


shoulda played it cool and started rubbing it in like lotion while dropping facts about how fermented piss prevents skin cancer.


periodic reminder that the moderators of /r/help engage in politically biased moderation practices and routinely permanently ban users even when they broke no rules whatsoever because they don't approve of their political or religious views      while /r/help should, in theory, be a nonpartisan and nonpolitical subreddit, it is in fact run by leftist moderators who ban anyone who they consider a "bigot" (aka anyone who is even slightly right of them on the political spectrum). for example, if you post a question in /r/help asking how to remove the gay propaganda icon they force down your throat during gay pride month, they will instantly ban you despite the fact that there is nothing bigoted or rule breaking about asking that question and it is in fact a legitimate question      evidently, the moderators of /r/help are very strongly against anyone who they consider to be "unaccepting of lgbt people" - even if you're not actually unaccepting of them, but openly hate socially conservative/religious people and consider us "bigots" for following the tenets of our faith and asking how to remove content we find offensive from our reddit page layout


i'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:      - [/r/subredditdramadrama] ["why have kids?" \[131 children\]]([URL]       *^(if you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([info](/r/totesmessenger) ^/ ^[contact](/message/compose?to=/r/totesmessenger))*


fyi       [URL]


i am going to agree with this.  poster needs to be upset for a bit, and then leave her in the past.  sounds to be a horrible person.  there's no reason to give her more than she has taken.


appropriate answer that i thought to receive from this sub


downvotes aren't subredditcancer, though downvotes for asking honest questions are shitty.


*based and copypastapilled*


neither of those articles present any images of black holes.


i will simply assume this is a fake conversation or a joke one and move on with my day.         i do kinda need the neurons i would otherwise lose.


all of this is 3deep5me


the left and the right create crappy memes when they're too political


that thing triggered me, but otherwise movie was okay


okay, okay, okay.      • first of all, the backlash about captain marvel doesn't stem from the fact that's it's a first mcu movie with a female protagonist. it comes from the fact that mcu literally shoved that narrative down everyone's throats because *everyone needs to be 10.000% aware that it's a woman and women are strong and women fighters are powerful and good as men!* they campaigned the shit out of that narrative, and brie larson's virtue signalling commentary shortly before release did not help. it's not the movie that's the problem, it's the pr campaign that butchered the narrative of a female hero protagonist, and when the negative reviews started coming out, they censored them, because god forbid anyone has genuine criticism about the movie.      • second of all, did you forget about other female superhero or general female hero movies, or comics, or books? hellooooo....we can all name over a dozen hero protagonists that are women, no matter if marvel, or dc, or any general media, and they have been around for decades.     


the point is that self-identified socialists do not recognize the nordic model as a legitimate implementation of their ideology. and a lot of the hip leftists think the nordic model is awesome, so it can't be because they're trying to distance themselves from an embarrassing failure as in the case of the soviet union.


america?


yes, perfect explanation


i was belittled for making a post like this yesterday and was told "the life of a victim is a hard one", ended up deleting my post. i'm glad people are supportive towards you, i just had some cunt taking his life out on me...


lmao what arguments? ben shapiro relies on talking fast and spewing statistics at unprepared college students, as opposed to actually putting forward an argument.      his goal is to confuse his opponent so that he comes off as being the cool, calm and collected one. he can't argue for shit and that is especially evident when he comes across someone who forces him to slow down ([see him getting absolutely destroyed by andrew neil] ([URL] )


notice how it wasn't the da - a black woman who is not only friends with kamala harris, who reintroduced her defeated and unnecessary anti-lynching bill (which specifically excluded whites) a week before this hoax, but also got her start in politics thanks to the endorsement of harris - who uncovered this evidence.


ben shapiro has joined the server


wink at her. then just walk away.


*laughs in thomas sowell*


same thing with r/legaladvice. i dont know why people complain about them.


if you don't tweet about notre dame then your...uh. frenchphobic            how bout that?


unironically look forward to new star and capeshit to watch them do shit like this


for real, people here need to get some experience talking to darq and they will see your point


prequel memes too


short but sweet. two people start out debating if an imitation of clicks in african languages is racist and then slapfight about who is offended and who needs to go fuck themselves.


the true chad move would be to invite both to a two bed hotel room and rail coworker.foïd on his bed while maintaining eye contact with crush.foïd. pee on the bed after.


lol     


jussie got a makeover.


r/witcher user thinks asking for recommendations is stupid. everyone else thinks he is stupid.


schrodinger's comedy.


funny how the houses are always colonial and the penises circumcised.


i mean honestly this person could just have pica


one of the mods on that sub went rogue, privated the sub and deleted a bunch of content. i'm subbed to that subreddit and they made a post explaining the situation.


what's funny is that their own edit still makes the point that the fields aren't dominated by men. having a simple majority isnt dominance by any means.


yeah, imma go ahead and call bullshit.


it's like unironically making fun of black people for eating watermelon, just to be cruel. when's the last time that happened without an immediate sitewide ban?


activists have also been raising alarms about a rise in racist incidents at auto plants.      uh, what?


i got banned from r/conservative for pointing out how a post ignores the root of the issue at hand and how it ironically debased its own dogmatic stance on leos


donate it to "build-a-wall" fund and next year it will be 40


the hate for eg comes from their issues with security, lack of features such as cloud saves, and the fact that they are 40% owned by tencent.  i for one don't trust the launcher and for that, i might miss out on bl3.


couldn't post the mod sticky because i commented in it before. oda has had both positive and negative portrayals of trans or queer characters, and this most recent one was a short reveal that spawned a lot of negativity towards the lgbt community.


feelsbadman


holy christ it's a fucking copypasta


>brazil      >doing anything that actually fucking matters      anon needs to pick one and only one.


the idea of going from a life or death mission to fight capitalism to a tennager's exam was pretty jaring itself.      let's have another speech about teamwork while we split up and fight them 1v1.


the top response:      *hell yeah. i work for a super small, indie coffee shop*      lmao, **no kidding?!**


jussie smollett threatened by city of chicago to pay $130k


i hope more celebrities get bitten in the ass by the twitter lynch mob. at least then we can finally move past that garbage platform when all the famous people say that it sucks.


hope so because they shit on monica rambeau by making her some pie eyed kid looking up to danvers in the movie.


someone should make a t-shirt


they also  didn't use enough acetone to properly dissolve the figures. they mostly just got sort of mushy on the surface, which is a bit lame tbqh.


vietnam was a bitch


oh my god that person is dense.              like, if i spent $90 to make $100, i only gained $10. if i spent $1 to make $90, i gained $89. i gained more in the second scenario, even though $90<$100.                reading that thread was frustrating.


seeing that a disturbing number of them are developers or work in the tech industry, i can understand why every tech company is outsourcing labor to india and china now...


stop reminding me of your hard work and sacrifice!


i think she's mistaking the measles for the chickenpox


so, deku then?


> you mean it's strange how americans disagrees with me          was anyone surprised?


if you check out the top comment in the thread, they explain.


agreed. there are plenty of far worse subreddits out there.


good trump jokes are hilarious for me. "why does trump take medication? for hispanic attacks!"


no delusions my friend. chris cantelmo is history's greatest scientist. i have a degree in molecular biophysics and biochemistry from yale. you got zilch. worship me.


nah. pretty sure my mom tossing me into walls and trying to bite my finger off is good enough reason to feel resentful for as long as i'd like.


potentially, yes, but good luck actually doing so.


in short, in their paragraph they...almost realized that fandoms exist. but they got fandoms and cults confused again.


parody account. here's the bio: "activism on the lands stolen from the mississaugas of the debit or credit first nation"


i dunno, i feel pretty self-insulted for being a virgin. :/  i think it's easier to feel bad about a lack of sex, rather than having too much.


mgtowwom


this is why it's important to fight this tendency of the media and the left in general to call everyone "alt right" or "nazi". because as soon as you call someone either you're dehumanizing them. you're also making it such that it's ok to attack them.


[i got you fam]([URL]


i've got virgin shamed by a stranger who lives in the same building as i do (and i saw him for like 1st time...). unfortunately he was right about it. and i know that it means nothing but it did really hurt me.


for the last time, no country in europe is socialist. go on /r/socialism/ and ask them what they think about your precious nordic model.


them it was after i got a post removed and a bunch of people asked why


how the fuck do you stab someone with a wrench?


[sorry, this is a dupe of something already on the front page.]([URL]


steel me bhai


can someone explain the got related tags on the posts in this sub?


>i couldn't tell if lance bass was there      this is like the most guy thing to say ever lmao like this is something my brother would say.


you got banned from a sub you belong in because you're different in the one thing that makes you belong there?


here is a tldr of the deep debates this always prompts:      "merher, everyone who is poor because inferior character flaws because capitalism is perfect tough love and i wanna own everything"       and       "the nature of humans is tribal and we must support one another and we live in a world that is peace and love and rainbows with lenin♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️yaaasss quasisocialism is the next frontierrr"


pretty shitty that everybody is downvoting this dude, he's trying to have an actual discussion. what's the point of getting pissed at people for refusing to have any kind of civil discussion with us if we're just as unwilling to do the same for them?


also [here]([URL]


true. sometimes you think the worst when it's someone who is clearly in a really bad place in their life. they don't respond to anything and you wonder, did they do something to themselves?


really hate this country. a republican department of justice and republican senate have oversight over a republican-led investigation of a republican president and any disputes will be decided by a republican supreme court with justices chosen by the republican president on the bench sh


o let's get australia to ban minecraft next


#**>only realizing this now**


right, and jim jones cured cancerous tumors and brought people back from the dead too.


liberals' textbook kashmir map be like


is this why we don't have nice things


calling a man a virgin is implying he is a failure at attracting the opposite sex.       calling a woman a slut is implying she has loose inhibitions.       you can argue that there's nothing good about being inhibited, thus slut shoudn't be used an an insult.       but its hard to argue that if a guy is trying, and can't get a member of the opposite sex to think hes worthy of being being intimate with, that this fact must say something about the guy.


i mean, if you play as the german reich and don't kill hitler to bring back the kaiser, you're the problem.


>maybe don't be ableist, it's very problematic and it can enable people who take ableist views to extremes when we use terms like that as an insult      only you can prevent ableist views you goddamn problematic


dammit i was this close to trying to get into watching a sport. then this thread reminded me of what that entails.


yes, it is perfectly acceptable. enjoying something should never be treated as automatic endorsement of every action the creator of that thing has done or will do.


and she's at least engaging! show you take a joke, take it as an opportunity to start a real conversation, and you have a good chance here.


it's also for making sure nobody sees how often i have to look up simple python conventions.


they've been getting censored for years lol      this guy's already had multiple videos removed


anon have bedbug problem


and everyone else will be shadowbanned.


i could watch your replays to help you out but all your watchable games are low priority lmao (except mars ability draft). i think it'd be better if you played a hero you're comfortable with.      also if i ever do end up watching your games, keep in mind i'm not exactly hot stuff either. 3.7k is barely "not *that* bad" territory.      anyway hmu on discord if u ever play normal ranked and could use some hindsight


remember when they unironically made a cartoon with a baby george bush? yeah.


would the baby


r/entitledparents is the worst. every other story you see is obviously fake but they eat it all up and shower them with gold.


u have to call the pizza store and ask for a special *cheese pizza*


real germans post in r/zweirama


i liked the presentation of it. i thought it was funny.


science subreddits: making up fake rules, ignoring real rules, and ignoring scientific evidence to troll instead


[who doesn't love a little quikcrete in their drinks?]([URL]


**praise geraldo**


that is genuinely funny      fuck twatter


local hoodlum from the ghetto happens to have some non pc viewpoints on certain political issues.      "we had no idea" - woke twitter claims. more at 11.


rule 8


i thought koffing and weezing were nazis because they use gas attacks. shit, they are gas.


one comment about cyclists and motorists spawns 59 children on /r/adelaide


32


how on earth is gender studies being classified as a science? who is accrediting this bollocks?


yeah i've noticed a few people who had been banned prior are no longer banned. but i'm still just a bit confused. because some people who are no longer banned say parkranger is the one that banned them? yet they parkranger is also saying they don't ban blindly? idk. i feel like the sub is just a ticking time bomb lol


in 1971, it gave birth to bangladesh; now balochistan is on its way!


some people are only looking for a relationship in life. actually, now that i analyze it, every friend i have prioritizes their relationship over others.       it's also possible new gf doesn't want her talking to other women? maybe she is embarrassed by her 5th year and is distancing herself?       last thing is that you should be careful where you put your energy and time. very often in my life someone simply used me for their gain, and then moved on. it's a tough life lesson, but it sounds like you really care and value your friendships... that's pretty uncommon today.


i can only imagine this is the same confusion people feel when i start discussing sengoku damiyo.


this was so well put. whenever i say that emotional availability in parenting should been an expectation, not an exception, i get weird looks. just because you provide food, shelter, clothing, etc, does not make you a "good" parent. i am eternally grateful that my parents provided for me, especially since some people have to grow up not having those things, but i sure as hell would've dodged a lot of emotional pain and trauma if i could've confided in my parents without backlash.


thatsexactly right


why not both?


homo sapiens


y'all


princessdarien2 is lying... who would love his music besides prepubescent teens?


implying dragon dildos don't help suicidal people.


welcome to reddit, where expressing your opinion in a mature and civil manner will get you downvoted just because people don't agree. also, you have to find every single joke on the planet absolutely hilarious otherwise you're and uptight prude who takes life way too seriously . honestly, i feel like the people who get all bent out of shape when someone doesn't agree with them are the ones who are way too sensitive and taking things way too seriously. y'all in here need to lighten up


reported to admins.  that sub is becoming a problem.  the mods are not enforcing reddit's rules.  i guess it should be banned like cringeanarchy (it won't).


our dark mother dunks on chuds once again. why breadtube, you ask? go read the bread book.


i still think she is bjp it cell and not an authentic supporter. same goes for koena mitra.


kyler


only on reddit, and also every porn site on the planet.


not neccessarily. if you press the toilet in a mens room for a female sim, the female sim will go to the bathroom, but in the female bathroom. at least it works like that in my game.


and here i thought you were more than the weakest of trolls...


question! how many drugs is this moron taking?


i have a feeling most of these people haven't worked a day of hard manual labor in their lives lmao


think you may have missed the point of bohemian rhapsody a bit


while i usually love obscure drama about things i haven't heard of, yeah, there's a limit


hillary clinton recently tried to co-opt "rent free" in some interview.


no. go to any country club and guys have polo shirts with little animal prints on them.


sorry for what you have been through. you should report her to the police. you were a minor, she could be abusing young kids even now.


i'm on a list because of that post, god damn it dude.


fuck the corpse


god i'm a huge deus ex fan and i loved the "mankind divided is too political!" stuff from people. yeah let's go to the non-political roots of the original games, about a super soldier made by an overwhelmingly powerful global ctu that used false flag attacks to justify mass control and circumventing laws, who discovers a plot by the world's richest people to release a virus and use artificial scarcity to make sure only people deemed necessary get the vaccinations requires.       it's just great.


homeboy wanted a gf if she doesnt wanna date her ass ain't getting taken on a date


he was not actually thrown in real life but historically he still had a reputation for incompetence even being rumored to be brain damaged well before the novel. take the records with a grain of salt though as chinese characterizations of historical figures are usually subject to intense revisionism. after the conquest of shu he basically kept his head down, made friends with the sima clan and lived a seemingly happy life in the capital on a government pension. for a former emperor that's unambitious as hell and insulting to your former subjects but it kept him and his family alive.


nononono, it's fine when the trans characters are super flamboyant, obvious, stereotypical, and funny. when it's subtle and the character is "normal" (as in not a stereotype some trans people could find offensive) then it's too far! /s      plus with ivankov and the okama, it was generally correct to say he/him, but with kiku they're upset that it's not as simple.      plus quite a few people most butthurt are upset they were "tricked" into finding what they now believe is a man attractive.


hey i can respect the fuck out that.        subbed


wrong. _that_ is a cool name!


i'm honestly surprised how many people actually think anything on there is real


literally clown world


oof. she be looking 45


how does that sub have so many subscribers? why am i even on this site? it's comprised of literally the worst people society has to offer, intellectually speaking.


wud i do?


r/ihadastroke


can someone explain what this relates to?   a death, a firing, an apartment?


there was a bedbug infestation last year in my dorm, so i shifted out with my belongings to a new room. here's what i did:      1. discard stuff you don't need, and the ones you do decide to keep, double or triple check them for bedbugs. anything that's been stationary for too long and has crevices/folds (like travel bags) are most likely to have them. plastic items don't usually have them, but you can never be 100% sure.      2. keep your clothes and pretty much everything you decide to retain out on the terrace in the bright sun for a week or so.      3. wash them all in steamy hot water.


i'm not sure it's even that nefarious with regards to it being a deliberate front.  i think there is more just something to be said for the value of being confident and forward.  unfortunately the red pill philosophy advises men to root that confidence and forwardness in an "alpha" mentality and the idea that other people should be dominated.


i used to have the heart of a child, but i didn't use enough formaldehyde.


orthodox-let gets btfo.


i think a lot of the people on this sub are


hold the phone. you clearly have no understanding of what i wrote and are assuming a great deal about me that is very incorrect. it's almost embarrassing for you and makes you look rather unfavorably.  the condensation is not appreciated, and the "advice" is unsolicited.       no thanks.


i think it would be a epic moment for all of mankind if they had a 360 degree camera that would allow for people on earth to put on a vr headset an experience it as well.        but to do this now for astronauts would be a wonderful engagement and i hope nasa listens!


i've never seen one.       she still hasn't. that rope has a huge loop, looks more like a bowling, and hangs to inches off the floor. might be useful as a work tool, would be shit for hanging though.


yeah, jon stewart was reasonable about it.  nothing beats leno, though.  best late night host of this generation.   he was always fair, made fun of all sides when he did anything with politics-im pretty sure that's why he was so damn popular (not to mention he was actually naturally funny).         and then there's the fact that he seems to be one of the most genuine and nice guys out there, like he has random guys on jay leno's garage all the time, one that comes to mind is a time where he saw a cool custom car at a museum, and waited in the parking lot to talk to him about it, and ended up inviting him on.


inciting love


i don't even know what to think anymore! i asked parkranger for some clarification on some questionable banning (i.e. of people who aren't snarking "correctly" or are being banned for disagreeing rather than rule breaking) and she said, in part "we did do some un-banning, if that's a word, and i'm absolutely happy to look deeper into users who think they've been banned unfairly. we don't blindly ban here."


>it's like he's back campaigning again.      of course, he's the left's only campaign tool left. he helped bump up a lot of the gubernatorial and house candidates over the top, especially in the midwest, because moderates still inexplicably like him.      democrats really wish there were unlimited terms for president because they're desperately trying to find their next populist.


["the whole world sees the hero there, and the module crew also, but few can see the guiding team that guards them from below."]([URL]      its not bad to give everyone credit for all their work


is this guy my roommate? he also argues that because some people are willing to work and get meaning from life out of that work, that he should benefit from their extra work because he doesn't want to.          > if you tilled the land until your hands bled and didnt enjoy it why would you wish that on other people? your children?          this quote here is some of the most ignorant shit i've read. i work my hands to the bone so that my kids don't have to. not so his lazy ass can steal my shit. if someone wants something, they should work for it.


and you know this based on your extensive study and expertise on mental illness and recovery treatments right? you aren't just saying this because it confirms preexisting biases on the mentally ill? because that would be ridiculous and fit the bill for that sub.


for people just seeing the title and going to the comments - that was the actual name of the video that the creators gave it. the idea was basically making fun of star wars fans going completely off the rails when it comes to the sequel trilogy, complaining about "ruined childhoods" and the like.      if i understand right, the creators' own views are that tfa is decent despite being a rehash of the original film, tlj tries too hard to "subvert expectations" and doesn't gain anything from it, and as a whole, people care far too much for what should just be a series of movies.


same. honestly prefer hearing mueller talk about it, had to see his fucking picture for two years


in 2019 we are all zoophlies don't be like that


redditgaumutra


shame. i'd drop this post to /b/ and let the, do the work for me.


i hope you find a better life in a better place. that said, will you tell some more stories?


some dude got black out drunk and some girl raped him. takeitorcirclejerk apologizes to the woman for the trauma she endured. he removed all the comments calling him out but the internet never forgets.      [URL]         ctrl f for 'sorry'.


thats pretty normal its just so that you cant evade bans. not sure how much admins enforce that though.


they *were* anti-communist, but you have to bear in mind thay "communism" to them referred to a very narrow political movement at the time, and it was an **entirely** leninist one.  other communists rarely adopt the capital-c communist label since mls (or mlms) always get to it first.      in any case though, he's explained that he doesn't go after communists for the same reason he doesn't go after monarchists.  they're completely irrelevant.


you're really gonna say this and not go further? whack


lazord jewelry


>when true power lies in and always has been in political activism      mein sides have left ze orbit


good handwriting.


diversity is strength


pretty much this but for pedos      [URL]


had a little cope down in support of britbongs yesterday if i remember correctly.


the us has the best healthcare providers in the whole world, they're just expensive as fuck. btw, they can't actually deny you care if you dont have money. they will just bill the hell out of you after its done. also, they cant charge interest on hospital bills unless you go to a bill consolidation service. which means you can take as long as you want to pay it off. it ain't the best system, monetarily, but you (and said baby) will get the care you need.


both arguments are consistent because they accomplish what the person intends, to create a moral justification for piracy.


all of political science is literally theory. actually all of science is literally theory.       "literally theory" shall be the name of my next band.


so you could be called a person with no formal education on a subject mistaking actual facts for ignorance because again, you have no formal education on the subject.


now number five


it's either that or they're saying the kkk deepstate had obama on a leash the entire 8 years.      imagine being a kkk deepstate and having obama as your head of state lmao


while i am no anti-natalist, calling someone's suffering "emo teen crap" can discourage people who have similar thoughts from talking about how they feel which obviously makes it much harder to overcome such feelings due to fear of judgment and carries a nasty implication that there's some sort of "right" or "proper" way of suffering.


it makes it a collectivized workplace; an exception to the rule and one of the demands of socialist theorists for implementation.


just lettuce is barbaric.  you also need a ton of mayo.  got yourself a shredder.      [URL]


comments is still pretty stupid, unfortunately.


it'd also be hard to find another fast food company that treats their employees better and has a genuine interest in their long term success than cfa.


thanks daddy ;)


but what if he wakes up in the morning, with a prolapsed anal fissure, and a massive hangover, and a hundred texts from his bf saying "where are you? pls reply." and then says its pingrape?


and my axe!


they're not saying that there aren't fujoshi who are creepy or obsessive. they're just saying you can't go using the word fujoshi for the creepy and obsessive ones because that's not what it means.             edit: and by that i mean solely for them.


well shit man why didn't anyone tell me sooner


reactions to justin bieber joking that his wife was pregnant on april fools


this makes me sad. i have the complete opposite memory of sweet, kind babysitters. when i was little, my parents had friends who were right off the boat, literally, from italy. they had been in the country long enough to have beautiful daughters who babysat me. me being a fair-completed, blonde-haired kid, they thought i was adorable. when my parents were going to go out, mom would make sure i had a bath and some special "treat" like chef boy ar dee or something like that. my favorite sitter was eva, with her flawless olive complexion and lovely brown eyes. i knew she was pretty before i knew what pretty was! she let me sit on her lap under a blanket and watch tv until bedtime.    when i hear of so-called "babysitters" who abuse their authority and betray parents' trust, it bothers me to my core.


oh man, i played on shoddy in gen 4 after the chomp ban, and it still feels like the best metagame in competitive pokemon ever.


>our european visitors are important to us         every fucking time


i sure did! and i got a message telling me if i created a new name or went under an alt account (which i don't even have) that my ip address would be banned from reddit.


imagine being this mad on the internet


more like r/murderedbywords


so are video games bisexual?


they would remove a post... for having an artist's name in it? are you high?


ummm, author, have you ever heard of ghandi you brain dead fuckit?


by the above rules you don't actually need data to back up the murder.


removed : repost


imagine not having the measles


yea, my favorite had to be      > it's common knowledge amongst people who understand how society works (read: marxists) ...


high rollers texas hold 'em


does it try to kill the gazebo?


jolyne was great wtf?


from what i saw the discussion was mostly about whether traps is a slur for trans people. the transphobic people were heavily downvoted


to anyone who just read the above comment chain and wondered whether or not to say something about sand teams, you're not alone.


edward maya & vika jigulina - stereo love (jay latune remix)      might be a different remix tho.


now i'm starting to see the benefits.


now she is dropping the soap in prison.


he should go with the owen wilson style


violence no longer has meaning. i can't wait until one of these tumblrites starts some shit, gets beaten to a bloody fucking black and blue pulp, and then *really* learns what violence is.


fuck this pussy with his "value investing" shit. just venmo me a couple hundred grand, i've got robinhood gold and an options play that literally can't go tits up


maybe that means it's not actually that blatant


well, the two were kind of different. if you rebelled against your king, he didn't have the divine right to rule. it wasn't that it was withdrawn, and it was seen in a more retroactive way (he failed, so he didn't have it) than the mandate of heaven.


obviously hitler!      /;=)   =


lol, is this what happens when too much black eyeliner scrambles the mind?      the only thing keeping you from having joy is this mindset. i'm not trivializing your problem here, depression etc. is an illness and a real challenge, i'm just saying you can get help. talk to someone.


photoshop 2019


war is peace


next pokemon: poland.


nor eat food


thank you! i appreciate you.


they think socialism is "power to the people". i'm sure venezuelans feel very powerful.


make it happen!!!


being cute has absolutely nothing to do with your parents being cruddy people!


why are you searching for this person? are you unhappy being lonely. i assume you have family and friends around you who support/care about you. i guess i'm just confused as to why it seems like you're obsessing over something that shouldn't be that important? granted having a relationship is nice and all but if you're single that's not a death sentence


i made it myself sir


can't be. he never mentioned his wife's a doctor and claimed a cluster of undifferentiated cells is a toddler.


no satoshi was trying to compensate for such small penis and the fact american's have gargantuan penis.


don't pursue lu bu


my girlfriend keeps joking about how she read about the male orgasm in cosmo and will try to put her finger near my butthole because she knows it makes me jumpy.      nah uh.  that shits never gonna happen.  butts are a no go zone


in most people's top 5 and everyone's top 10, but yeah he sucks cause he showed some women his penis.


>i don't want less taxes,      holy fucking shit imagine the size of that boot.


i mean...really...just fuck peta


so posting pics of your cat or literally just a pic of a coke can is okay but this is where they draw the line? what a bunch of assholes.


lol, what is this nonsense?


basically, don't call victims liars and pressure them into not alerting authorities but don't believe every word they say unconditionally


that's on you dude. that's a rule the subreddit has.      >don't question the validity of a story. it's much more fun if we give people the benefit of the doubt.      it's not like the other posts here where people get banned for a moderator's own personal view and opinion.


i've lived in a house like that.


man imagine if this guy gets real help and gets his delusions under control. he's gonna come out of a severe episode and realise 'oh hey i started a cult.'


however, that doesn't help that flareon is too slow and pure fire is one of the worst typings in the game.


the good old southern baptist knights templar and the episcopalian order or hospitaller knights


...what?


it just perpetuates the cycle of death. we have the self awareness to break that horrific cycle, but we don't use it.


yeah, i feel a lot of the frothing-at-the-mouth gamers are mostly mad at a game not being on steam, when egs has legitimate issues and i won't touch it. it sucks i need to wait a year to play things i have been excited for, but it's worth it to not put that sketchy-at-best software on my pc.


hi.  i think that's all i can say without being banned here


give me a link to this threat op. i'm about a drop a r/murderedbywords on this fool


i don't think they really care about sending a message, they just wanna play the game on pc day 1 without having to go through egs. i think it's also to do with collecting games on steam and having it all in one place.


moot point if you've painted your living room with glial cells and cerebrospinal fluid. i'm more of the retrovirus-causes-reanimation/loss-of-cognitive-function vs "they crawl up out of the ground for no fucking reason" crowd, but like i said, pupper's gonna eat well. she won't even recognize me without a head.


while this poster doesn't really get very deep on why they're an anti-natalist, these types of objections have been addressed by antinatalists. generally, there is going to be some sort of argument that pain is more potent than pleasure, and that nonexistence contains no pain or pleasure, and is thus a preferable state of affairs. arguments for the first claim normally appeal to a general preference to not "trade" pain for pleasure: e.g. you wouldn't trade an hour of the most intensive possible pain for an hour of the most intensive possible pleasure.


i wish! you don't really get a moment alone with your dentist though.


socialism for the rich is a stupid term, the bailouts went to companies, not rich individuals. in 2008 the banks paid back what they were loaned with interest and nit bailing them out would have fucked far more than rich people.


they're right, as long as you vote in libertarians.


damn this makes me sad :(


all because i posted these cartoons in the cartoon thread-        [/r/politics & cnn be like]([URL]          [democrats be like]([URL]


i was thinking maybe a spaghetti alle surströmming.


oh no does [USER] have the aids?


[USER] fan art


*some people did something*      and, whats the matter, buttercup? its alright when the media takes shit trump says out of context and straight up edits videos to create a narrative, you guys made this shit acceptable, don't get mad when people start playing by the rules you created.      oh look, its a tumor, imagine my shock      actually, know what, here, tell me in what context does *some people did something* in reference to 9/11 as a muslim, at a fundraising event for an org that funds terrorist groups even remotely become acceptable? if anything he's adding context by showing footage from 9/11, yeah, some people did something, heres a clarification for the folks at home! he's just, whats it called.... oh yeah, *correcting the record*


be like neo (from the matrix) and slo-mo evade their attempts at touching you


based kawposter


im not as energetic as these tumblr users


imagine caring so much about capeshit movies. capeshits win, villians lose. so basic.


wear that as a badge of honor.


no because they're white /s


exactly!


we need a new plague.


almost certainly.


don't bring men around until she's out of the house?      alright, but how will you handle your fully grown daughter that has no experience socializing with men? who might very well freak the fuck out the moment a man shows interest in her, or she in him? she'd be so sheltered that those feelings round hit her like a truck when they've hit most others for the first time in middle school.


>man: \*exists\*      >aita: yta


i really need that pepe


no, i totally get it and i'm right with you. just know you aren't alone in that. i don't feel connected at all to the lgbt community for those exact reasons.


but being trans i mostly discomfort.   its waking up in the morning and not wanting to look into the mirror because you don't want to throw up. or not taking baths because you don't to see yourself naked. hating your body functions. having small panic attacks every time you have to use a public bathroom because you don't don't if you pass enough. it's just discomfort. fuck you


chesterfield family fends off blue-ponytailed naked intruder who claimed to be the devil: 'she was in to kill us'. 39 bullets, thrown furniture, and one stab to the neck w/ a wrench by a 12 year old later & she finally goes down


even the guy who coined the term "sociobiology" (e.o. wilson) thinks they're the same thing


just punch a kitten and you'll be fine


i would like to point out that this thread has over 10 times the comments the original thread has


we have subs like /r/foodporn or /r/peoplefuckingdying. i still assume subs like that are nsfw until i find out otherwise to be safe, but it makes sense that you can't be sure if a sub is nsfw or a parody of some kind.


>nice stuff      >elderly be counted as dependents      lmao


sand in your mouth asmr 2 hours


so why are ~75% of doctors male?


or just, you know. don't shave. the only thing that ever gets shaved is my head. and maybe my sack.


how are predatory men the benefactors of trans activism?


> baby president      that was one of the dumbest things i've ever seen. it was so fucking obvious and unsubtle in what it was supposed to be but all the hipster journalist douchebags were like "omg brilliant satire that is so nuanced! only smart people will get this! it's the best takedown of the trump administration yet!".


i mean, when compared to the ever-compiling costs of disposable razors, they practically pay for themselves over time.      but perhaps this is just another example of the [sam vimes theory of economic injustice]([URL]


first i'm tokenizing other people now i'm tokenizing myself?  are you tokin'  a little too much?


i wish there was a viable alternative. we need both that and a mass exodus, something that'll make even the normies that make up the front page want to quit reddit. if it's just free speech people like us that leave it'll quickly become a right-wing shithole completely like voat did, because the left-wing seems to have completely given up on the internet being free and allowing discussion.      unfortunately i feel like a mass exodus like this will never happen again like it did from digg to reddit. reddit won't let it happen, they're too big to fail.


why doesn't he want me anymore? and how can i be who i used to be after this breakup?


reddit suspends account's of former r/watchpeopledie moderators after reinterpreting policy in a way to ban the sub without warning. reddit once again shows that it's rules are meaningless.


the bandicoot guy?


scizor, latias, terrakion, maltaria and a bunch of other stuff happened.      though most mons that where good in uu stayed in their place me thinks.


i feel for you, i haven't been to la in 30 years, but to hear dr drew and adam carolla talk about it it's in bad shape. try and keep safe!


>was the first actress named a human rights champion of the united nations human rights office, was appointed ambassador on women's rights at the american civil liberties union, and was hired by l'oreal paris as its global spokesperson     


you don't see that girl uploading pics of herself


not everyone who gets an esa needs or takes it literally everywhere. you're too uninformed/ignorant on the subject to have an opinion on it worth listening to.


i don't know, you sound misinformed


problematic


[URL]      [URL]


please don't add or lose any states, someone'll have to find your new centre and redo all the bloody epicycles again. if you've got to do it, at least batch them all up and add a bunch in one go, right?


to be fair, what's the point of straight pride?


wtf people actually use /r/nhl instead of /r/hockey?


> texas sub is a dumb shithole that is made up of 20 something """""urbanites""""" and not representative of the state at all         native texan and frequent /r/texas visitor here.. i'm not a 20-something "urbanite" and my beliefs are the same as nearly half of the state's voters. granted, /r/texas is more than half liberal, so it's not an exact representation of the state. to say it's not representative of the state at all isn't accurate though.


we're catholic


they act as if presidential debates were like conversations between philosophers before trump showed up.


sorry to hear about this. if you're feeling u healthy and guily that will probably only lead to more unhealthy behaviour. try just cutting down on unhealthy foods a little at a time to get used to it. and after your exams are over, do some exercise.


i'm not anon. i'm just a sad lonely fuck.


if you want a picture of the future, imagine a bright colored boot stamping on a human face... forever.


some chinese restaurants are not even owned by chinese people can you imagine making money on someone else's culture /s


> but everything natural is evil.       why? that's nutty. why should anyone ascribe to your nutty sense of morality? that's all your own. you can't state batshit things like this as fact and expect others to abide by that condition when arguing you. i dispute this.      > nature is the source of mortality, of death.       and the source of life. death itself is a source of life. why is death evil? you seem pretty down on the concept of life, how do you come to the conclusion that death is evil unless you accede that life is good? as death would necessarily be the conclusion or absence or antithetical of life.      > nature is an endless charnel house of decay, a mountain of corpses.       what moody song lyrics did you steal this from?      > biology tricks us into perpetuating the cycle with dopamine and serotonin.      biology governs everything in life - it's what makes you happy, sad, hungry, thirsty. how is it tricking you? it is reality.      > we need to rise above it, either by becoming transhumanists who exist in robot bodies or as disembodied brains, which won't happen, or using our intellect to destroy nature and the human species.      why do we need to rise above it? this is what we are, simple living organisms governed by genetics and biology. you've not proven anything different.      your second point is an entirely unsupported departure from the former.       > perusing sex, good food, etc is just giving into the death urge.      what is a death urge? besides the name for your emo punk rock garage band?      > i'm not an incel, i've had sex and relationships. but it's just... meat interacting with other meat.      i didn't say you were.      and yes, you are very simply a living organism interacting with other living organisms. you still have t explained what is wrong with that.


a /his/torian has a concern


can you repost this with the direct quote.... changing "he" to "[trump]" though?  it's the same thing really and your title wasn't bad.  we're still just working out how strict we are going to be on titles.      so if you can use an exact quote, it's always better.  thanks


i hope they ban td.  the drama from that will crash the fucking site.  maybe promote chapo as a default sub would be the icing on the cake.


tired of being a loser


can we use genetic engineering to revive hammurabi      and elect him for 2020?


>kya hua ?      hua to hua.      >kashmiri muslim brahmins rule it      hmm. while you rule like literally nothing for now.       >kashmir, bengal and kerala will convert india to dar ul islam      ok.


they are mocking one side of a serious argument in which both sides have very real concerns.


i had forgotten about the whole human breast milk thing.why did you have to remind me of it?


there are dozens of us


they really couldn't behave.


yes it does. if my co2 detector was more sensitive than your standard co2 detector then its alarm would mean less than the alarm from a normal co2 detector.       no one is responsible for a persons feelings but the person themselves.


i agree. it's all these rat race jobs that drove me crazy and made me confused as hell. i became a nurse 7 years ago. it's not easy. it's still work. but i make good money. i help people. i work 3 days a week. i work my shift. i do the best i can and go home. i don't give a shit what my boss thinks as long as i'm not in trouble. this seems to be a common thread in trades. i feel like they are underrated as job options.


is there a growing pro incest contingent or something on reddit lately? i swore i saw similar shit in a different sub just today.


ya there's a lot going on in there.


even playing the game and reading some of it online i'm still absolutely lost.


why is their argument always the same? someone says t-slur people aren't women because they don't have periods or can't get pregnant and then they responded with saying so women in menopause aren't women??? or saying so pregnant women aren't women because they don't have periods. it's the worst argument ever.


look at poland and hungary saying no to eu push for letting in migrants, thats what i mean by "resisting".   on the east europeans not wanting to be there, yes and no. i love living in e europe but i hate the economy, so i plan on moving to germany. so you're kind of right on that point.


look at op's name maybe that will balance it out


christ ... read another book ffs.


lol right? your average home depot power user probably has a confederate flag on his truck.


it's standard on some android. i ask my friends and some of them actually like it i don't know how the fuck it's disgusting


who said i was a scientist? i'm only a lowly artist on the quantum scale.


based and bible pilled


shite speed has been the death of 90% of otherwise good pokemon, especially when steel isn't exactly a great offensive type and metagross doesn't have good enough defensive stats, moves, or typing to be a proper wall.      there's also the problem that just a lot of pokemon easily counter metagross, most notably pokemon like magnezone and even pokemon in the lower tiers like drapion.      still a good pokemon just not great as it used to be.


oh shit, glad i'm not greg


she's more famous, it makes sense


more excerpts from the ad. at the beginning it says:      > **if this ad is still posted, the room is still available. please read the entire ad (yes, we know it's lengthy).**        ...and they werne't kiddin'! this thing was a fuckin' novella.      > **the vibe, and about us:**       j (she/her) is a 59-year-old lesbian who is friendly and engaged but  mostly quiet, and values plenty of introvert time. almost always up for a  conversation, a check-in, a shared meal, or doggie play time. she works  early, so she is usually in bed by 9ish and up around 6ish. her  partner, k, comes over on weekends from time to time with her tiny  chihuahua toby, and other times j is out of the house for a few days at a  time at k's.            >     >e (she/her) is a 27-year-old lesbian/queer latina who is also friendly  and loves a good conversation about anything and everything. she is also  mostly introverted, but loves to socialize with housemates when she has  the energy. e works downtown and has flexible start times, but is  usually up around 7. she works from home from time to time, and comes  home a little later because she sometimes goes to the gym after work.  her partner, g (they/them) comes over sometimes with their chihuahua,  lew, and e sometimes is out of the house for a few days at g's.        aw, maaaan, they totally fucked up by using "latina" instead of "latinx."      that's some cisnormative hate crime going on right there.


kenyan magic knows no bounds.


it's an episode of kitchen nightmares (season 3 episode 11). the restaurant is sushi ko


you're not a pirate. there is no romanticized position to take here. you're a selfish asshole who looks for any excuse to steal shit. accept it.


the butthurt ones claiming they paid more in taxes only did so because they couldnt deduct the property taxes for their mcmansion that their state was charging over 10k in property taxes yearly for.         literally the wealthy btfo lmao


it wasn't when i posted and it's still worth pointing and laughing at


r/woooosh


bullshit, h1b visas aren't awarded based on having unique skills [URL] and are caped at 200,000 a year   [URL]


apparently. lmao they've wrecked the company's ratings and harassed them off literally every social media platform.


peetal for lyfe


i definitely think that animal therapy programs are a good way to bridge that gap.  back in my uni years, i did a term project on animal-assisted therapy (i considered it as a career) and was just amazed at the metrics when it came to turning around juvenile offenders by placing them in care positions (such as with horses or rehabbing abused dogs).  the work done with the elderly and infirm, especially with cats and their purrs having bone growth properties are just amazing.      but again, a hospital, a nursing home is a place you can't even wear perfume.  you could, possibly, *kill* someone by bringing an animal inside an environment like that.  it's the kind of thing that has to be case-by-case and can't negatively impact innocent bystanders.


i haven't played in a while so maybe they changed it, but i definitely remember games of eternal where i drew no power or all power. maybe slightly less common than magic (the influence system means you're less likely to get screwed with multi-color decks), but it's still a possibility


spreading around for the european friends.


someone should have told me that we were doing "april fools month" this year i might have prepared.


i think that reddit will go eventually. they pretty much just catalyzed their own doom over the past few years. there's nothing wrong with wanting to change your business model to be more profitable but they shunned their original users.      they built their platform based off "stop internet censorship!" (i still have the stickers they gave out years ago). now the content is really, really shallow. anything that goes against the grain is [removed]. i came to see a high amount of censorship on the site in almost every subreddit; especially the default ones. every time they would say the person broke some generic rule that can be interpreted in any way a mod wants.      for me i started noticing the cancer when they changed the default subreddits.


pogo


> women in menopause aren't women???       yes. the f-slur should only exist as long as they can make b-slur bois.


viraat!: our territory, our plans


it's kinda sad that south park has been the only solid source of political commentary on that channel over the years      well, let me rephrase that.  it's been a better source than shows that are solely dedicated to the topic


i'm pretty sure. and even if that wasn't the case it doesn't change the fact that it sounds like garbage.


i thought it was in his comments on his own post,  it i went back and checked and it was someone else who mentions race. my mistake!


he forgot "full stop". it's a rookie mistake.


mortal beings who will die that they created?


bit of an over reaction... just goes to show who controls reddit.


i find it like this: when fox news pushes a liberal talking point, someone can call it real. when nytimes fesses up to something conservatives like, then someone can call it real.


odd thing to name your dick, but hey.


i'm talking about police departments that have to deal with gang neighborhoods in general, but chicago definitely still has a swat team.  again, shitty police exist, nobody is arguing that, but when you have 10,000+ officers, you're going to have some shitty ones, i don't care where you are.


god, i dont want to support feinstein but damn i liked her in this video.      also, its amazing this is edited and supported by them, and it still shows so much rudeness by the green new deal people


yeah...  you need to talk to someone trained. it really does make a difference.


that's so petty and passive i love it.


stopping meds is a bad idea, even if you think they may not be helping. it will likely only make your situation worse.      it took me 3 different meds before i found something that worked and my dr is incredibly supportive.      depression is an illness and is treatable. i am suffering at the moment. i've no desire to do anything. i'm barely making it through each day but, i refuse to be beaten by this illness and i know that the bad days aren't forever.       yes, it's debilitating as it sucks the life out of you, but, never give up. don't let your illness define you.


i only can read this as a person bragging about their personal achievements and attractiveness.      would adopt.


this is pretty fucking weak man


the dumbest part imo is that the fallacy fallacy exists to basically dismantle most of these stupid arguments. an argument doing something fallacious doesn't mean the opposite side is automatically correct, you can totally argue a right point in the worst way possible but that doesn't discount the better arguments for the same conclusion.


you should go to denny's and get a grand slaaaamwhich. they are very popular. i am just gonna put you down for a couple of grand slamwhiches


could you be dealt a worse hand in life than that? lmao.


i saved 100ish bucks. thanks  for  nothing  obama


to really understand this thought process for "trans activism" they have to believe that it is transphobic to have a preference to not sleep with a trans individual. just because a trans woman is a lesbians doesn't mean that it's really just a man who wants to sleep with lesbians.  gigi gorgeous is most definitely a woman and she is in a lesbian relationship.  most trans women are "straight" though. it only seems to be a handful of trans women who become lesbians.


that comparison is dumb for a great many reasons.


it's frustrating. i'm trying to walk an independent, moderate line, but it can be very difficult when each side of the political spectrum says some stupid shit like this


c:\\>cd games\doom      c:\games\doom>doom


seattlewa mods rando with 6 posts in the sub, immediately declares thread a thunderdome, new mod takes and returns boatloads of abuse, gets downvoted so far he has to farm karma all night on /r/askmen and /r/cooking just to be able to post again


contrapoints is complete and total cancer what did you expect?


>as a date      she said no, but is still entitled to go anyway?      what?


> mandatory feminization      i think you solved the much bigger issue which is toxic male from another culture.       it's the most centrist solution to immigration in a while.


[i don't even really work here]([URL]


wow, that place is even worse than r/choosingbeggars \- what a bunch of ridiculous stories


i'll always remember in an episode where a turtle was attacking another disfigured turtle and steve helped it. he said he didn't like to intefere with nature like that but couldn't let the turtle die.


dude was 1 for 6.


i don't understand why anyone wants to run things.      you are responsible for the results, no thank you.


> what the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? i'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals, and i've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda, and i have over 300 confirmed kills. i am trained in gorilla warfare and i'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces. you are nothing to me but just another target. i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth, mark my fucking words. you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet? think again, fucker. as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. you're fucking dead, kid. i can be anywhere, anytime, and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat, but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. but you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. you're fucking dead, kiddo.      how can anyone seriously fall for this?     "i will k i l l you over this comment and i will use military weapons and i shall find your location with my secret spies!"


that is not homophobic,   telling someone to shove it does not offend homosexuals. some don't even take they only like to give so how the hell does this apply to them lmao       people downvoting me actually trynna tell me what offends me.


ironic isn't it


>spring far from my homeland. spring far from my love.       these lyrics are beautiful. more proof of the superioty of the spaniards.


i actually did like the whole kaguya story and the origin of chakra and the eyes and stuff,  but naruto and saskue really didn't need to be the reincarnations of greatness


you always could, /[USER] is a gentleman who consented to pinging.


>disclaimer: tlj is the best star wars movie according to me.      half of it is at least. :)


[comedy podcast.]([URL]


hey shes getting her bullshit in gender studies


i don't expect anything but a thank you. if someone shoveled your driveway, do you say thank you? if someone gives you free legal advice, do you say thank you? if someone gives you a tax advice, do you say thank you? if someone makes you a cake, do you say thank you? it's common courtesy. has nothing to do with why the person does the act for you, it is showing appreciation for that act.


well, it worked for the raptors...


[larger image]([URL] of the rope.


youll get one someday and it will be all the more special when you do. my advice is to not focus on it and live your life as yourself for yourself. it will come when youre least expecting it and most probably when arent looking for it.       i wish i wouldve been a virgin when i met my wife but i got caught up in all the cultural bullshit and pressure to "want" to live that lifestyle and have those desires. they arent especially beneficial in retrospect.


is there a list somewhere so i can know what all i'm supposed to tweet about?


who drew that cat, can someone link me up the artiest?


i can deny it. trump had an online following but the vast majority of his support came from the traditional base


i wanna feel bad cause autism? but like it's such a cancerous blog that it's just sad in general.


how about no fucking 'platform', but instead just a game that just installs and runs without extra adware?


you're not alone, there are lots of people who are unhappy with life we just don't talk about it. one thing i'll say is try to work on letting go a little, you know, keep from obsessing over things you can't change. all you can do is learn from what you've been through and figure out what you're going to do about your current situation. no human is ever going to be perfect because that's not what it means to be human, we all fuck up, it's ok. you're not entitled for being bothered by these things. your ex didn't take away your chances of being happy and functioning regularly. you can't put your happiness and well-being in the hands of others because there's no guarantee that any realationship will last forever. and even if you didn't end up with the last girl you were talking to, there's going to be another one eventually. but in my opinion you should try to focus more on bettering yourself before you jump straight back into a realationship. that's what i'm doing right now. i know you can't afford rent but maybe get a therapist if you can it can be very helpful if you find a good one. lastly if you really enjoy music you should pursue it for your own sake. sure nothing is going to come out immediately but but give it time, eventually you'll figure out a way to write out what's on your mind. it takes time and effort to get any art form "right" so you should focus on having fun with it while trying to get better. you can't give up just because it doesn't come to you instantly. you sit down everyday and work on it, something will come of that and you will make great music.


you're wrong; fuck you.      welp, i'm convinced.


sugar skulls are also roman catholic, but hey, why bother doing research!


some socialism is good, too much is bad.  we don't want a heavy welfare state - just programs that work better at a government level: i.e. firefighters, police, roads, and public education.  i would advocate that universal healthcare, paid via taxation, should be included in that as well - but there are valid arguments against it as well.      no one wants to pay more taxes for "muh socialism".  we want it because the current way we do it sucks ass.


lmao they copping our style. gg


omg i've been a loyal follower on different duggars subreddits, mainly duggarssnark, for over a year and i couldn't believe what a mess this whole thing was!


did you copy and paste this from another user's deleted response?


itt: these subreddits are cancer because moderators removed any non-serious and unacademic comments that violate subreddit rules and because i don't agree with facts.      is r/subredditcancer becoming a place where people come to grind some axes for doing unreasonable conduct that led them to being banned or chastised?


see; this is why i only read sports and comics when i get the trib.


probably r/circlejerk


i prefer a safety for most of my face and a shavette for trimming sideburns and such. the safety bar means i can be a little more careless and speedy than with a shavette.


i don't get the hate for epic game store. steam needs competition. badly. unfortunately, epic needs market share to compete and to get market share they need exclusives. at least they're only timed exclusives.      i was annoyed when ea did origin, but then they had games i wanted so i bought them and realised it's not the end of the world using a different launcher


hmm. they're not denying youtube has a leftist bias, they're just saying fuck anyone who thinks that. lol


you know i think it's also important to recognize outside of "yelling into the void" you are also dealing with people trying to cope with depression and anxiety. they probably feel too overwhelmed to respond especially if it's a popular post.


i really like how you said, because you were emotionally abused you have a thin skin. you never had the chance to develop a "normal" amount of self-esteem etc, along with getting anxiety and depression etc. so it only makes sense that you'd get hurt easier and cry easier.    sometimes i wonder what's wrong with me, because i cry so easily as well, and things get to me quickly, why i struggle standing up for myself etc. and you just put into words what i always kind of knew myself but couldn't verbalise. i wish some people would try and see it from that perspective too, instead of just brushing people as "just too sensitive" off. everything has a reason.       of course, (unfortunately) that doesn't mean it isn't necessary to toughen up, because that's the world we live in, and while i wish people sometimes had more understanding and empathy for others, i can't expect to have the whole world change because of how i am. i think a "nicer" way to look at this is, not to toughen up because of how the world works and its "cruel" ways, but toughen up in the right places to do yourself something good and help yourself have a better life. because the world isn't gonna change (sadly, i guess).


>posting on /r/politics       >ever stepping foot in a hardware store      choose one.


i mean i haven't visited the thread or anything, but often times there is really just one "right answer" to laws.


since i know nothing about the manga and movie, the preview seemed to hint that she was a robot/ sentient weapon designed for battle. if this is the case i would guess the wrong assumptions were made by the author.


>this sub: "communication is important in a relationship"      >also this sub: "wow, you're a total creep for communicating your intentions and moving on with no problem after she declined the offer"      >i don't get it      >>feminism in a nutshell. madness. madness and stupidity. (-38)      >>>don't. +9      >>>>hi,      >>>>if you don't like negative perceptions of feminism, maybe take issue with the 8000 entitled feminists who upvoted the top comment, not the people calling them out.      >>>>thanks.


id do her.  but thats niether here nor there.


don't weapunize the mafia!


although i don't have numbers, i would say most scientists are at the technician level... very few would have phds


i was playing devil's advocate.       i agree it's not the best fit.


if you can have something right now without any side effects\*, waiting an extra year for it is just straight up stupid.      \*that's the premise they are operating under. it's flawed, but that's a different discussion.


ok hurry up and arrest one of them then.  i don't care which


even scarier to imagine someone actually gifted him silver.       edit: the answers to the comment are even worse, they are fucking making out hitler to be better than trump.


looks like freddy krueger's face


that's not at all what murder usually refers to, nor has that ever been a common usage of the word


tbf oda nobunaga was absolutely psychopathic. one of the reasons given for akechi mitsuhide's betrayal is that nobunaga broke a treaty with the mori, knowing doing so would result in the mori executing several hostages, including mitsuhide's mother. nobunaga didn't care though. plus there was the time he set alight an enormous fire on the mountainside of mt. hiei, and gave the order to slaughter any man, woman, or child his soldiers came across.


thatcher took over at a time of massive strikes and economic depression. she took power away from unions, faced down a massive miners strike and transformed the uk to a finance based economy. this lead to a massive economic boom for the south/a smaller boom for the rest of the country but many northern mining based communities suffered from high unemployment. thatcher also underfunded many government programmes in order to cut taxes etc. she's kind of like the uk's reagan and very divisive.


i don't really have a horse in this race, i generally don't buy games new, and can understand how people could not like the egs store for a myriad of reasons.      but goddamn do i smile when another game comes out an exclusive because the resulting shit show is so fun/infuriating in that weird fulfilling way. especially as more games get pulled.


man, i didn't get very far before i honestly couldn't keep reading because my eyes were exhausted from all of the rolling.


/v/ anon is at it again


it's supposed to help with dyslexia i think


oh boy, treating women like they are capable of deceit sure is hating on them. wouldn't want to think they could do everything a man can do but better now would we?


tlj hate is schrodinger's anti-fandom. it's both too derivative and too radical until someone says why they like it in front of an anti-fan and the waveform collapses.


>harassing          so interacting with any wildlife at all is harassing. ok lmao


tumblr doesn't know what pastel is. again.


fucking preach, i know exactly how you feel


i really hope pornhub buys that site.


third time's the charm?


i always get a little sad when i see buildings over 100 years old get destroyed. especially completely unnecessarily like this. i hope it was worth it for the arsonist.


[USER]


whaaaat? you got banned too! they are really blowing this out of proportion.


saw a thread of his, blocked him.      scrolled down a bit, saw this thread, clicked on it.      scrolled down, saw your comment.


especially toothpaste hair


go look at r/funny and tell me there's any correlation between upvotes and shitposts


some good root vegetable action here.


how the fuck did that garbage get 134 upvotes...


i didn't know there was a sort of status quo for moving out of someone's way, especially in a busy area.


just when i thought people arguing about carolus rex vs peter the great 300 years after the great northern war was bad enough....


surprised it did not include some cliche movie references, like "sleeping with fishes" or "your kung foo is weak! we will destroy you if you challenge us!"


nationalist does not equal racist. quite the opposite. i want to put my country first because i think we give more opportunity to people no mater where they came from than any country of the world. i'd rather serve us before somebody half the world away where we see less of a return.


serious post incoming. this is the way i want it. i am very picky and very proud. the idea of sleeping with someone who doesn't know my full name and never wants to see me again insults my ego tbh. and i mean, i'm not hideous, i've turned down quite a few guys for not being up to my standards (not solely based on looks, but lack of chemistry) or treating me like a piece of meat.      i've been with my current bf for almost 5 years, i fell head over heels the first time i saw him. we just so happen to have great chemistry, the same views on sex, he's good in bed, and he's well-endowed on top of being my best friend who i find incredibly attractive. ( i know) i've had bad sex before and seen how pushy and gross some guys can be, why would i throw this away to make sure i'm not missing anything? i'd rather masturbate than ever have empty sex with someone who doesn't care about me


arnub got angry


oh man i don't want to imagine what elon is gonna tweet to impress this chick.


godwin's law:  "as an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving nazis or hitler approaches 1"        [[URL]


preferably yes


tumblr (and platforms like it) is where the insane and indoctrinated go to bleat their psychological projections into the ether.     and like a fractal, it begins to take form.     the form validates the imaginings, allowing for a perpetuation of the pattern.     soon delusion and reality are indistinguishable to the participants.


we are in vehement agreement.


[URL]      lol i don't think this dude should be disgusted in *other* people


4chan doesn't even have to do anything.  the left already declared smiling a hate symbol in the nick sandmann story.


why yes, i do make unfunny seriousposts on bait threads in /r/drama? how did you know?


election result video is about a day older than kanhaiya's video      if views were the only metric gangnam style would be at the top      it's based on the number of clicks in a time period and much more, how quickly the video rose up, the interactiveness of the video like the number of shares and comments etc etc      youtube trending can't be bought by money directly from google, it can be orchestrated to inflate views via other methods but not officially through google


bipoc? as in bisexual people of color, or...?


so. fun fact. i decided to look up who eddard/ lyanna/ benjen stark's parents were.      turns out they were rickard stark and lyarra stark. so incest on both sides of jon's tree.


thank you.  the funny thing about the whole incident was that a lot of older posters and the mods liked, and did not disagree, with my post.  but, they claimed that there were many who didn't and after months of being told i was an awesome mod, they were suddenly changing the rules and trying to make drama out of a post where i essentially said, "act like an adult and understand that people disagree now and then."  ironic, no?   as far as everything else goes, i was offered the chance to stay on as a mod...but, with no posting power.  i chose to leave because it made no sense that a post that didn't break the tos and was well received by the majority of the community would earn a punishment. when certain forum members started sharing details that should've remained within the four mods...i bounced because it was clear that information was being shared with non-mods, but friends of mods.   in fact, i was happy to stay quiet and allow bygones to be bygones until i noted that the person who created the most drama was running her mouth in other places trying to bad mouth me.  whatever ,it's reddit, but there's not enough time in the day to dedicate yourself to silencing someone because you want to be snarkier than everyone else.  i wish that forum nothing but good things and i'm disappointed it went down the way it did.


you are an artist


honestly i just can't imagine someone would think putting a piece of plastic/glass in your eye socket would be more comfortable than just ... not doing that.


this would smell so fucking foul and strong if it is real.


i'm sorry for what you've been through. your post is a reminder of the lasting damage parents can do. you deserved better.


be ready to be knocked back


i'm a bangla-cel  i left years ago, but the country never leaves you


when does a valid probable assumption get disproven by an unlikely possibility?


this guy literally lied under oath four times to the inspector general. do these guys just make shit up whenever it suits them?


probably something russian


you dumbass cannoli      found my new insult


it has been a few years for me, but ou always used to be a mess. i used to enjoy uu where the regeneration abilities were at. drawn out battles, a lot of buffing, swapping, predicting - but always with the chance to recover from an unlucky miss or critical hit. it had a great variety of strategies and some really exciting back and forth battles.      ou (back then) was just a 1hko clown fiesta with whatever new mon had been granted the most powercreeped stats.


the ones we fill with people we've dragged from their homes in guatemala and honduras.


even teen vogue, the wokest of the woke, isn't immune to this.  ahahahaha this is too fucking good.


i'm only just now realizing it because of the research i've done for my graduation project, which is why i'm glad i started doing it.      i've also been lucky enough to have a good dad and therapist to help me. i feel like i was luckier than most, but whenever i see that others went through something like i did i want to reach out. because they might not be as far along as me in the healing that needs to be done from that and i want to help them as much as i can. because i'm familiar with that situation, and i hate that others have to go through it too.      again if anyone is having issues with this, need advice or to rant, message me and i'll give you all the help i can.


powermod at r/legaladvice locks post because of differing opinions.


too bad, huh


*ain't nothin' but a heartache*      tell me why-ee *ain't nothin' but a mis-take*      so tell me why *i gotta take the chance to saaayyy*      have a happy cake day


as a regular used of /r/menslib... god, these dudes are like our evil doppelgangers, aren't they? xd also, i can't believe that they thought the "peterson ama" was a joke that *someone had played on the mods and the rest of us*, when it is very fucking clear it's a joke, and 95% of the "questions" of the ama are obvious satire. and the other 5% are people making legit questions and editing 5 minutes later with "god i hate april's fools". sigh.


that seems like a reach.  a much simpler reason is that steam is well established, and people don't like change.  having a one stop shop is a pretty well understood principle of business.


hey kyosballerina! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * surplus popcorn.      due to a lot of stale politicized drama crowding out niche posts and dominating the front page, certain categories of drama face greater scrutiny and greater rates of removal.     your post fell into one of these categories and was not exceptional enough to be approved. see [here]([URL] for more information.       surplus drama categories include:      * racism drama   * gender wars   * social justice drama   * gun drama   * partisan pissmatches            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


please link me to the version of reddit you use.


this will sound odd, but i'm thankful you were able to somewhat pre-emptively doxx her, warn her, contact the police about the possibility of swatting, and anything else you have done to help prevent a disaster from happening. you are an outstanding person.


if you play chicken with me, either i win or we both lose. my mamma raised no quiter.


i don't comment to get replied to or expect a thank you, when i write something lenghty and thought out i just send it and forget about it. but i get what op is saying because every once in a while i like to go through my post history (i think i'm fuckin hilarious lmao, i can read something i've posted a couple weeks ago and still think i'm funny hahahaha) but when i see a post that i took a long time to write that is buried in a thread with just my own upvote, or in threads where the op hasn't replied to anyone, or to many people but not me, stuff like that, i get kinda bummed out.      on the other hand i love seeing the inbox button lit up and it turning out to be a thoughtful comment that makes me think a reply through so it balances out, but if reddit was just people who don't reply i'd bother a lot less and end up deleting before sending much more often than i do now (and i do it quite often)


he's just standing there... *shivering menacingly!*


lol good luck getting past our immigration policies.


just look at his post history lmao


what a greeeeeeat story


and after three or four more 'subtle' slur-style digs, too. i guess he felt his point wasn't being made properly.      i assume that point was "i don't know how to interact with people".


you won't ever get a serious answer, they show up in any vaguely vegan-related drama to try and low key continue it in the comments.


i'm disappointed that isn't a subreddit full of real sharks with human boobs photoshopped on to them.


can we call this a hoax on this sub yet or are we still hanging on to our new virtue signaling rules?


subreddits can really ban you for any reason, not saying i agree with the ban, but i don't think anything of value was lost


as the title says, i just read a love letter meant for my boyfriend. i read it on reddit too, that's unfortunate. he read it too. it was a pretty serious letter too, he apparently means a lot to her. this sucks, i felt really insecure for a long time but got better about it; reading that was a big mistake and a felt like a huge step backwards for me. like i didn't have to do that. jesus christ. i'm trying not to think this'll make him want to be with her. this is really hard. it feels so weird having someone be so in love with someone i'm in love with. i don't really know what to do. do i freak out? that'd be stupid as hell. fuck i'm just gonna cry and talk to him. i'm hoping no one will actually read this i just needed to type it out. this sucks ass


i mean i've seen worse names driving through the south.


how dark are they supposed to be? like a black hole?


nah they're a different character than the courtesan. kiku works for the tea house with tsuru.


snapshillbot


the wokest thing about hoi4 is that paradox decided to not write in events for the various atrocities the axis nations were doing, because they were afraid of the people who buy their games to recreate the holocaust, but left in the various (although significantly lesser in scope) allied atrocities, leading to a game where the axis are less morally gray than the allies


shut-up and just accept what i say without question!


lol, this sounds weird but it's become an addiction. i have spent hours picking at the acne on my butt. it feels satisfying whenever there is a pop or sometimes i look at what came out.      not sure why i get so much acne there. i want to clear it up because my picking has gotten out of hand.       i never got acne on my face so it's intriguing to have something that i can pick at.        oh and the acne bleeds a lot from where i pick it. idk if that's normal or not but i honestly don't mind it.


you're still on the site giving him clicks, dude lmao


katai sadakchhap aur bachkana joke tha.


sweety or sweaty?


i would really like to watch a baby try to wrestle a bunny into submission.


a company i was a permanent it contractor at went through a pretty major board and org shakeup. one of the first things the new ceo did was eliminate reserved parking spaces. some people bitched, his response was "if you are inportant enough to need one, you'll be here early enough to get a good spot anyway".       they also aggressively recruited some female high level management, two of whom said they would rather be chosen on merit, not diversity. (those are the women who run things).


wait, that's too positive to belong to 4chan


congratulations! i'm really happy for you


mine now


i didn't know it was possible for someone to be this objectively wrong.


most furries are leftists


i'm famous!


inb4 comments locked delete post, not proven.


people are talking about it because it just happened, the mourning for ancient languages took place ages ago


depends on your definition of, "suck."    what black holes do is just have a whole lot of gravitational pull, which doesn't match up with what we generally use the word "suck" to mean.


(


i fear by the police response that it might be though. "lack of evidence" we can't investigate any further.


ah, i see it now. i read it as each image being seperate, might of been how the person read it.


canadian white hockey player speak, it's a thing


you're gonna deal with me? finally


it's pretty backwards. even other sites tend to respond even if they won't reverse anything.


them saint paul sandwiches though!


sad no one brought this up


i like pikachu because he likes ketchup ‍♀️


add japan, many gods are of hindu origin


i mean,  i'm not entirely sure that's the point.  the targs are all sorts of jacked up,  i mean even dany is some sort of somewhat benevolent murder monster.  jon got dem strong stark genes and managed to kick the crazy for the most part...  and just inherited the "i'm such a good guy i'm too dumb to understand reality syndrome"             but i think guuuuuuuuuuurm might have a think for it,  that and...  really really describing feasts.


i think it might matter who molested you. a lot of people are disgusted when a guy molests a boy (rightfully so) but they don't feel that way when a woman does the same thing. it's usually because of deep-seated homophobia.


found the untermensch


he's literally harvey dent


since when the fuck is it racialized?


your story is actually quite interesting, though i'm not really sure why. i think it's because i'm a total sucker for bittersweetness.      happy it all worked out for you, my dude.


\>indenting the replychain as if reddit


if they didn't have a military, would they exist today?


it must be exhausting to be like these people...


at that point it's up to the strength of the argument for *why* or *why not* red shirts represent star trek.


obviously by "study" it means he is aware they aren't strictly positivist disciplines (though he wouldn't use the word "positivism"), and that it is therefore not "science", and is therefore invalid.      i sit right across from someone who thinks like this at my  job, and the one thing we can't talk about is soft sciences and humanities.


i wish people are more accepting towards trans. suicide is abnormally high. acceptance is all that's needed


[it's part and partial of liberal politics.]([URL]


lol you got downvoted. why??


finally some robust research into whether "diversity training" actually works – unfortunately it's not very promising


i think we are from the same college brah!


oh man, i bet your land lords loved you.


#**being**


**bottom text**


gotta let me in or i cant see it


what about /r/askreddit  though?


it's a low bar and for some reason they're playing limbo.


i mean even if you banned white people from being arrested im pretty sure thats still racist but hey i wasnt programed to do mental gymnastics to change 2+2=4 into 2+2= sexist


yeah i agree with you, i just find this stuff interesting and i like to understand why someone did something, even if i don't agree with it.


its so tight think he slipped it in my butt l dont swallow plan b i just swallow the nut - cardi b.


based


they offer nothing but protection from hostile enemies and jobs. so pretty much nothing.


a year ago i told my sister i was unsafe and took an uber to a mental ward for the 7th (8?) time. i had been to this one once before and as soon as i walked in the ward i felt safe again. it was home.      one of the counselors there and i got very close. i'm ashamed to say he was everything i looked for in a person, not even in a sex/love way.as a kid i dreamed about a knight in shining armor, and he was exactly that.      he would talk to me personally every night, staying after his shift ended. i remember one night opening up to him about the abuse after all patients had gone to bed. he stayed so late that night, and i told him "go home. you have a kid." he told me "i'm not leaving until i know you're safe. those people are never allowed to visit. we'll report them together. i always knew there was more you weren't telling me, and now everything makes sense. it's okay. you're safe here, and i'm not letting anything else happen to you." he said he didn't do all this for anyone.      locked wards have very strict rules, and i broke them frequently. i slowly got all privileges taken away for multiple incidents. i would sleep in a chair next to the nurses station. i was only allowed to use crayons, since i abused pens.       but this counselor bent the rules and i was allowed to have my guitar. he knew how to play and would hold down the strings for me so i could have a capo. i played for relaxation most nights, and other patients would stay up just to listen.      before i left, he told me "the only way i'm ever allowed to hear about you, or see you on the news is if you get famous for music." meaning, he didn't want to hear that i had killed myself.       it's been so long, but sometimes i pray to him. i hope he gets the message and knows somehow i'm still breathing. i want him to know i've kept my promise.      i love him so much it hurts to hear his name, and i will never tell anyone because they think it's a crush. it's more than that. he saved me.      thank you. if you're out there somewhere.


oh sweet summer child


i mean while it is rude to misgender trans women, like... why??? why was this made most people know not to associate sex with gender


downvote the video


are you sure about that? the way vanillareign answered smacks of implicit approval of the going-ons here. try not to answer for other people in the future.


you'd be surprised.  i'm from flyover country, and went to college in one of the big coastal metro areas.  people were actually surprised that where i'm from has indoor plumbing.  i also had classmates who thought i enlisted because i couldn't get into college.


>any other questions?      uh yeah, what the fuck


i remember that one, it was bad. he tells her he's leaving 30, 15, and 5 minutes in advance and people were saying that because he drove getting her home is his respinsibility.      they literally treat women like toddlers


wrong. president camacho correctly identified important problems facing society, and recruited what he believed to be experts to deal with them.


maybe it's therapeutic?


what does it mean?


well you're almost ready for diplomacy!


truly based god sanders. inshallah.


high effort, topkek


r/me_irl


my family is something...


you're probably not wrong...


that's great and all, but i asked for my burger without cheese.      i am a bot. [contact for questions]([URL]


new snappy quote?


usa!!! usa!!!  usa!!!!


but all cops hate black people so if you don't hate cops then you must also hate black people         /s


plus his address is still in the linked thread.


she's gonna get pickpocketed eventually lmao


> those who say that they will pirate it and buy it once it comes to steam maybe should consider just waiting?       yea, really no reason not to wait. plus it's not like borderlands isn't tedious as fuck. there's so many good games coming out right now, looking forward to the new doom game.


>big city cucks pay more in taxes       >midwestern & southern poor pay less      literally welfare


based and redpilled.


my estimate is 99%


he jabbed me 3 times but was so nice about it


not a bigot btw


their marketing and bs stopped trans people phoning legitimate suicide lines because apparently they were transphobic or wouldn't understand.


this has to be the dumbest argument i've seen. i get there are ways to eat a healthy vegan or vegetarian diet (moreso for those with higher income but that's another discussion entirely) but eating just lettuce? and 4kg of it? fuck that, i end up eating higher calorie foods purely because i have days where i can't eat much without feeling sick, not going to eat 4kg of lettuce or 1kg of pasta. ignoring how much that shit costs too, like no fuck that.


looks like a cool scp.


i just finished watching the documentary "won't you be my neighbor" and i feel that the american people have disrespected mr. rogers as a whole. i am aware that not all of reddit is america, but i'm primarily speaking about the american state, as its the only world view i have right now.      mr. rogers taught us to love one another in spite of differences. the man so hated television that he changed it by himself through his program. i feel that we as the children who grew up on his show have failed him and his memory by dividing ourselves. america is so divided these days that people are faking hate crimes and it is believable to an extent.  i think that we as his former audience need to remember the tolerance he preached.      his message of everyone is special is often derided as being unrralistic as "if everyone is special then no one is." but that isnt what everyone is special means. it means that we are all deserving of anothers love for what makes us unique. yes there are bad people out there. im not denying that, but i think we all need to take a step back, and rather than fight over our differences, bond over our similarities. the world is a mess right now, and we as humans need to band together to fix it.


> **the entire baby boom population alive today had the measles as kids**      really makes you go


hey, lady. well,that's the rub, though.  my post said exactly what you're claiming you want: for people to be adults, block those that annoyed you or you felt were not on your level, and stop snarking other users for not snarking the duggars hard enough.  that was literally the message i gave (by the way, nice to finally meet you!).  i never received anything from you saying that we were to allow no fawning or leghumping (two very subjective terms that were never fleshed out because they are, by default, subjective).


it's still available but hard to find. mostly on tumblr.


[URL]      yeah, it is stonetoss. i didn't mention his name because i didn't know if reddit would auto remove it.


what you said made me feel warmth in my heart and sadness on the same time. have you by any chance heard the term "highly sensitive person"? we (i am one as well) are a real thing, it's determined by your nervous system, which in hsps is more developed than average. almost 20% of people are hsp's and also there happen to be highly sensitive ones among animals. it serves a purpose, because they are more sensitive not only emotionally, but also sensually, so they are more likely to notice if something is wrong. highly sensitive animals are the guards because of that. it used be so with humans before we could depend on technology to be safe and sound. anyway, i consider high sensibility as some super power and with great power comes great responsibility.   i'm not implying that you are hsp, but doing some research on that topic might be really helpful, because hsps and ausies share a lot in characteristics. i hope i helped at least a little


leave and move to mexico or north korea then


delete your account. not because of the post. because of your username


well that is very much at the point where he should talk to a lawyer. there are other questions to which the answer isn't to immediately talk to a lawyer.       i mean the subreddit is great for asking legal questions but if you get to the point that you are in court, the internet can't represent you.


just another example is india sickulirism.......


fujoshi is also used by japanese yaoist. it's not a western thing.


> literally is.     


[not reddit] banned from youtube | soph - be not afraid


fresh pasta?


since well is accounting and auditoring stem lmao


i know you jest but these freaks hate capitalism so much that they would definitely believe this.


thanks for saying so.


actually my weekend has ben utter shit but thanks for your well wishes      i just realised this is a bot, bouta kms


i kind of see where op is coming from, but it's based on a flawed interpretation of a big theater chain's balance sheet from 10 years ago (the author even gets called out in the comments of the article). sure in this instance the higher gross tickets sales were enough to overcome the difference in margin, but it's also not factoring in overhead and labor and doesn't really say much.


maybe we were the detroit become human all along


anyone else here knew it was fake the moment they heard the story back in january?


i got banned and i'm from the us like wtf


store launcher when? it's getting hard to keep track of all these stores.


missing and murdered indigenous women.


to be fair, that spoon looks fucking filthy.


i completely agree lol, something was wrong with him. but then again liu bei didn't come from great stock himself, he's always portrayed in the games as weak and not very bright. the greatest family during this time period would easily be the sun family, they had plenty of capable leaders and were all very well versed in military affairs. their main problems were their geographic location in the south east, they were sailors and the best at naval battles but were terrible at land battles in the north and never made much less way into the west where liu bei was since the territory was mountainous.


i really wanted to not comment on this, but its incredibly frustrating when people post this comment because its so tone deaf.       first, the pride event started as a riot. it wasn't a happy parade with rainbows and dance music. it was a bunch or angry gays finally saying "we've had enough" and standing up to police brutality and raids on gay spaces.       since then, the movement has endured the aids crisis, and we only had each other when the government did nothing.       we created new spaces to welcome in the people who never fit into society.       and for the decades, lgbtq+ youth have been the targets of hate crimes. they face hate speech and the fear of death in some places. gay-youth have some of the highest rates of suicide in north america.       we have had to rally and throw our sexuality "in your face" just to fucking marry the person we love.       gay people have been denied jobs, or fired because of their sexuality.       for many people, pride isn't "just" about celebrating being gay, its about celebrating that despite being gay, we have survived the harassment, the violence, the depression and anxiety. its about remembering those who did the hardest of the work to get us to where we are today. so yes, we absolutely should be proud of being gay and all the baggage that has come with it. straight people aren't attacked for being straight. you have never been denied a job for being straight. you have had the privilege of being in the majority. to marry who you love.       now, that being said there is a lot about pride that even i have issues with. but pride reminds us of where we were and how far we've come.        and please, for the love of god, don't come at me with "but no one cares about you being gay in 2019" because that's bullshit. the orlando shooting happened 3 years ago. a gay man in my town was stabbed - for being gay - just last summer. there are still countries where homosexuality is illegal.       ....and thats the end of my rant.


no ones really "banned" and the "banned" users are the ones let in on the april fools joke.


too bad cake exists and life isn't a video game then.


look, i am all for dissecting smollett's fakery to no end, but posts like these don't make sense for the sub.


i'd definitely get the abortion. and then go on a shopping spree for wine and cheese at whole foods after.


what is your favorite crayon?


because objectively mentioning left and right cultural differences as a one-sentence afterthought in a three paragraph explanation clearly means i'm being political.


i might have got like $5 more each paycheck. something like that. my return this year is *half* of last year's.      so i guess i technically got a "tax cut" but it sure as fuck didn't help.


pm me the link


i usually think of dennis and sweet dee.


geeze this person should be in the olympics because that was a fucking increadible leap.        also what is nintendo telling people that is brainwashing them into being incels? also can you be brainwashed into nobody wanting to fuck you??


> they're just putting themselves in the jilted foids shoes, sad that she's unable to get a free concert ticket.      there was an op who dated a bisexual woman. she asked him if he would consider it cheating if she makes out with a woman. he said he thinks it is kinda hot. she got mad. he told her that he just answered the question honestly. he does not expect her to actually make out with a woman. aita?      top answer, over 1000 upvotes, gilded:      "yta. **i am a bisexual woman, too, and i can relate to her.** for me being sexual with a woman is just as real as with a man. you thinking only one is real totally invalidiertes her sexuality."      i replied: "no, yta. as a straight man i can relate to op and i can assure you that two girls making out is totally hot to me. you not satisfying this invalidates my sexuality."      got just 5 downvotes and no reply why i am wrong.


thank you! i'll think about it. for now, i'll just keep imagining one day i'll run into him at a grocery store or something, haha. your plan sounds better though.


the thing is, it's not that tough a life. even though i'm not happy with them i have a home and i have a job, and i feel a bit guilty for being dissatisfied because i could have so much less than i do.       but you're right, i worry about the future a lot and i do find it hard not to compare myself to others. i've spent most of my life being compared, or feeling as if i was being compared, to other people and i suppose it became easy for me to do that.


holy shit man, i understand that you are a very loving and generous person, but i think at this point i think you need to need to grab as much as you can and distance yourself asap.  if she gets assets in the divorce, she will squander them anyways.        sometimes even though you love someone, you have to admit their flaws and plan accordingly.  nobody will look down on you for trying to preserve the life you worked for.  you and your kids deserve to enjoy the fruits of your labor.  it seems your wife is welcome to enjoy it too but she doesn't want to so that's her choice.  good luck man.


netflix's latest propaganda


you can't because you are not chris cantelmo


'cause it's "not [their] job to educate you."


> he's also a mod there.      no, he's not.


it's a disease: crazy liberal biology teacher caught on camera planting a bullet on high school staircase... to prompt a panic to force installation of metal detectors, other measures...


impossible


my first guess is that you're smoking far too much. people see people smoking entire joints in movies or whatever, and think thats the normal amount. a whole joint is a lot of weed dude, and its far too much for me to handle. if you want to try again, get a one hitter or something, and just have a tiny amount, and have more if you dont feel anything.       if that doesnt work, then just stop smoking. it effects a lot of people differently, and unfortunately its just no for some people.


i just discovered that sub yesterday and now here it is.  i have the gift!


trumps concentration camps are open for business


>or using our intellect to destroy nature and the human species      i mean we are doing that with global warming. its a.bit slower than your soloution but hey you are getting your wish.


> i slept with around 40 women       > i know my gf slept with around 20 guys before she met me      > she's pretty conservative on her views with promiscuity       > *conservative*     


this but unironically


if i have learnt anything on this site, it's to never argue with someone in your own post if it took off, you're 100% going to come off as an ass, even if your point is correct.


right. and even if there was a rare lawyer there from time to time the only advice he would be willing to give based on a post on the internet would be to consult a lawyer irl.


it's a) a troll and b) likely trying to make a point about how people will say similar things about other races


y'all'd


i'm relatively sure it is kkk getting caught burning a cross, but that is my own speculation.


measles fights cancer?  what the fuck?      the cure was under our noses the entire time.


iranian propaganda is my favorite


but they are


>i really don't understand how someone like this is usually presented as the "hero" of the three kingdoms.      racism? the epic poem was written by a southerner. cao cao was a northerner and liu bei a southerner.       though we think of china as all 'han'; it's as diverse as europe but had a few tyrant kings manage to conquer the whole thing adding some stronger shared history.


i'm more of a soba person.


any citations for this the explanation of mitsuhide's betrayal? as far as i knew, no one knows the reason and whether it was the treaty, oda simply calling him names, or fear he was being supplanted as an important general (or other factors).      the massacre at mt. hiei was brutal, but nobunaga was trying to break the militancy of the buddhist monks  (sansom has a good thorough line about this in his three volume history). buddhist monks through much of japanese history were a large, well-armed faction that caused problems for both the court in kyoto and for daimyo. without crushing them to the roots, its likely they would have continued causing problems for those groups.


i hate when someone touch me


i hate it when students cheat on the final exam


i think dany is certainly a bit mad. there are flashes of it, in both the books and the show. my guess in the books is that she'll have become more brutal when she returns from her little dragon side-quest (seems to have embraced 'fire and blood').       in the show, it certainly tries to portray her burning of the tarlys as being somewhat unhinged.      she's not nearly as mad as her brother and father, but there's still something there.


sambit patra  and amit shah inside burkha


but heatran is literally impossible to even touch by it, and heatran runs rampant :/


i'm all for the outrage if it means people will shut the hell up about bieber after this because this will make him un-famous.


she saw a rope hanging in a freaking factory of all things and jumped to the conclusion that it's a racist act. then, instead of just reporting it to hr she posted it all over social media, which ruins the reputation of the company for no good reason. at best she's an attention seeking moron and at worst she set this all up for extra victim points and donations to her gofundme.  she will have a really hard tome finding another employer at this point, and rightfully so.      btw, this sub has clearly illustrated that the demand for hate crimes outweighs the supply.


tbh,   as much as it indcates what it actually is, i wouldnt think that some people would draw *actually* a dragon fucking a car


creeps me out, rolling around all day in his special little secret chair. i know hes up to something      [URL]


> my brother had chemo treatment    unfortunately he passed away   congrats for being able to cure cancer


ops logic is flawed.  but funny enough i do strangely agree that it's fair that the item that has the larger revenue in the movie theater case deserves to be the one that makes the most profit.      assigning movie tickets a higher cost of operation is a little unfair because if there were no movie tickets sold, then people would not buy concessions.  that is to say concessions greatly boost profits, but without licenses for movies you wouldn't be able to sell concessions either.   that doesn't even go into the fact that you have to pay more in employee salaries, maintenance and rent, supplies to support concessions sales.


-eyey you cried and why you liiiieeed to meee. do doo


you wasn't even raped as a "guy", but as a "kid" and you're far more likely to get raped as a minor of any gender, than as a grown ass woman.             don't get me wrong every single instance of abuse is important, to notice, counteract and hopefully prevent in the future. our view on it just shows how long the way we still have to go is.


man i thought this was meant to be a backchodi sub. turned out to be a sub dedicated to praise modi :3


when money were gib to a building, because a building is more interesting than this pezzo di merda.


why the flying fuck is such boring ass shit on top of bakchodi.      this page is not memesfornunnumunnupubgmaindoobmarnewale


man 1: "okay fuck face."      man 2: "no you're a fuck face."


> also since when is it creepy to ask someone to fuck? so what if he only wanted to have sex?      redditcels seething at the thought that m'lady would have le sexy times with a guy without having formed a deep emotional connection first, like they themselves would do, since they're gentlesirs and all


a certain child abusing cannibal spawns multiple debates in /r/totalwar


reddit was a mistake


*facebook in this instance


holy shit the ratio'ing they got. everyone's out for blood. peta fucked up.


thought of uploading but not sure if it's safe to do so...


i wonder if this person has ever tweeted about the white suicide rate      of course, that wouldn't make her a racist, that would be ridiculous


so are you an actual cult member or just roleplaying one on here?


> no, no, no. listen, put the sheets down first, avoid the nasty bowl splash. then when you're done, put your ass into the top tank and take little butt-sips. then poo that water back into the toilet bowl and wipe      > > [god has left the building]      god's light has left us


tell them you want a raise!


now you have to live with poc. punishment fits the crime.


i've always had a female doc, for some reason my parents thought it would calm me down as a kid, it did ,.  as an adult i've always had a woman as my pcp , if youre getting your junk handled, might as well be by a woman.


to be fair, the phrasing sounds like a reference to the muslim travel ban which was based on pure bs as well, so it works.


i mean.. if we would support the natural selection part of evolution it would work. lol


> piracy only helps game sales because i can try it before i buy   >    >    >    > or   >    >    >    > game not on steam, so i'm going to pirate it to hurt the developers      what's funny is that for at least one of these exclusives, epic's giving them enough money that piracy wouldn't actually hurt them. the phoenix point people are on record saying that they'd be turning a profit even if everyone who pledged for the crowdfunding campaign all got complete and total refunds.


it is a concentration camp for them      they don't have basic necessities


honestly they probably already have been raped. no 12 year old is gonna think to do this on their own.


lol


this sounds like something that a person would come up with after watching one episode of some show on space with neil degrasse tyson.  he spelled planck wrong every time he wrote it.  his units have incredibly high tolerances, and this equation is observably false if you know anything about the planck measurement system.                     


that's funny


its true, the catholic church in the 20th century was a stronghold for the radical left


wow, it must be nice to take a back seat and talk shit to anyone you want, generalize entire groups of people, then have zero evidence and tell everyone else to do the research...  also, why are white women still pretending that they're not white?  i can't fathom for the life of my why the average human doesn't respect this type of person........


tbh dbz had a worse jump in power, in db, characters used skill and techniques. but then came the raditz saga and now everyone can destroy moons with just a hand movement and now its just about power, and then came the ssj transformation and now no non saiyan character can compete, i love dbz but damn was it sad to see the lack of skill in all of the fights. super brought back some semblance of skill to the series.


i refuse to believe otherwise


it's a question as old as time.


y'all ever just wear no jacket on a nigga?


well if its any consolation your username made me laugh for some reason haha it put me in a good mood. i hope you have a better tomorrow  get some rest.


*oh*


and everyone clapped. no one would withdraw from law school without a transfer in place. also finals aren't until next month. you also don't do it with an email.


i will add it to my post-grad school reading list


i didn't vote for trump either. i just know stupid bullshit and brainwashing when i see it!


depends who you ask lol


the chinese government sucks though.


no no you are wrong black people make up $100% of the us population thats why we need less whiteness.


yes yes you do have food noodles


you cannot be exonerated for a crime for which there is no evidence of you committing.


i'm waiting for the day someone calls xkcd racist and/or sexist.


dude i type long ass comments too it's okay      yeah i'm still trying to figure out if he actually meant what he said. i know he's been super stressed lately and he's upset with a lot of things in his life and i feel like he might just have directed that towards me. i'm not trying to defend him but i can understand where he's coming from. he doesn't really have a filter, especially when he's upset.       it's weird because he actually attempted suicide a couple times when he was younger so i thought he would be more understanding. but apparently his reasons were more significant than mine so mine aren't as important or some shit.       i'm so conflicted because he's actually not that bad of a parent and i want to be able to talk to him but sometimes he just goes so over the top acting like such a narc. he did a lot of things right while raising me but this is just a lot to deal with now. ugh i feel like a lot would be fixed if i just didn't live with him. our relationship and my mental state would probably improve a lot but i can't yet.


way to sweep all the abusive cunts under rug and ignore all the shitheels in your class.


apparently, it's hot and muggy in scotland right now. but is it hotter and muggier than alabama? do the scots have any right to complain about the weather?      [full thread for popcorn.]([URL]      selected readings:      [yank compares weather in japan to weather in america in a scottish sub.]([URL]      ["get tae fuck. get all the way tae fuck. do not fucking pass go, do not fucking collect 200 fuckin' beer coupons. get. tae. fuck. "oh, it's hot and raining! whit will i do?" dry yer fuckin' eyes mate and welcome to my miserable sweat stained, baw bag itching' life."]([URL]      [user one makes comment about scotland being close to the arctic circle. user two chimes in: "nuh-uh, norway is closer!"]([URL] this one actually resolves nicely.      [it's always good when a "no true scotsman" fallacy shows up when discussing scotsmen.]([URL]      [american tries to blend in with the locals... fails miserably.]([URL]      [american puts up a valiant stand: "it's hotter in michigan than it is in glasgow."]([URL]


on the rare occasions i don't respond to a post, this is exactly my thought process. i need to know someone else has read the thoughts in my head and responded to them, that i'm not crazy and imaging shit.


i can't even follow what this woman is trying to say.  pikachu tells lonely people what they want to hear


weird how when it and shows like it are criticized the counter is "lol it's not faux news, it's a comedy show"


i'm digging the goatee trump.


the post i replied to was doing more than just saying there have been logical reasons for having kids.


i'm guessing this happens because, while many gay people do agree with fluidity of sexuality, we are also often told we just need to 'find the right person' etc and it causes them to get defensive. i know that you are right, but i still get upset if someone tells me i just need to find the right man because the intention is usually to dismiss my sexuality, while your intention was just to share information.


fit struggles with grammar


you're right. i'm just a computer user who likes free things so i get the free things.      it's about as bad as if there was a box of infinite nike shoes sitting in my house and i didn't pay before taking a pair.       literally nobody is affected.


um, there was no name calling going on, people were having a proper discussion presenting stats and all... what looks uncivil to you?


all launchers are bad, including steam. now get off my lawn.


people stealing gordon ramsey's style of food based insults is so cringey to me.


time for a rousing game of "islamist of feminist?"     


the left can't meme, but the right can't code.


if not it needs to be. that's seriously unhinged shit.


anyone not pushing fully subsidized health care, single payer, or direct doctor-to-patient billing, should not get anyone's vote


holy shit you can't even mention him in here. what the actual fuck.


> idk wtf happened in the recent years but most of the funny comes from the right nowadays.      all culture starts as counterculture.  once it becomes mainstream and starts enforcing an orthodoxy, a new counterculture emerges to oppose it.  we don't need a carlin "dirty words" skit these days because no one gives a fuck if you swear anymore.  today, it's the left that's become the rigid orthodoxy, and everyone who wants to be in the club is terrified to step out of line, so by definition the counterculture is on the right.


i just got off the phone with their sheriff's office to warn them that there could be a swatting attempt.


it would be the same day


ah yes, so having a baby is way more dangerous than murdering the fetus inside the mother


german authorities literally can't punish 12 year olds for rape, so /r/europe discusses what to do.


> our brains do modify memories all the time      the brain is actually super bad at determining objective truth.      even just what you believe you're experiencing with your senses at this exact moment isn't totally objective, because your brain is cutting corners all the time. like tuning out regular sensations and just not really trying to interpret anything that isn't a focus.


that was my take on it when i read a translation 15 years ago. it was somewhat interesting but basically read entirely as a narrative of this happened and then this guy did that in this place.


everyone is leaving california because of too much shit on the streets


dude, i know, i usually spam dazzle (probably the only hero i know the complete mechanics/role/usage etc), its summer here so i am getting shafted by powercuts and dropping into lp and in lp im playing heros im not so good at coz single draft.


yeah, it can feel like a waste, but you have to go in knowing it's reddit, after all. your efforts have about a 50/50 chance of being appreciated or even noticed. sometimes, though, if you're unlucky enough to contribute after there's already been a huge load of responses, the op might feel overwhelmed and unable to get to your post. so that's nothing to do with the quality of your content, and definitely nothing personal. i asked a question once that got a bunch of responses. i replied to as many as i could, being as gracious as possible, but finally just had to give up on it. i'd thought about posting a "thank you for such a thoughtful reply!" or something to each of the rest of them, but that almost seemed like it would be worse. like some kind of soulless form letter bot response. sometimes it's difficult to know what the best thing would be to do in that sort of situation, since different people will react differently to things, and you're guaranteed not to be able to please everyone no matter what you do.       hope you keep fighting the good fight, though! you just never know when reaching out might truly help someone in need!


this this this


fresh green texts taste the best.


nice.  i'm glad i got a [post]([URL] in while it lasted.  surprisingly well- received; i guess maybe "bootlicker" threw them off?


thank you so much for commenting. i just hope people haven't given you a hard time over that.


mexican drug den


[USER]


i know how you feel.      pick something, a job, going to school and put your energy in it. along the way you'll meet people who can become the family you never had.      it gets easier over time.


queer will always been the sensible term in my opinion. it's an actual work and roles off the tongue.


this tbh.


le randum xd \*holds up spork*


my god this is wonderful.


validity? what do you mean?


we're at the point that people don't know what 9/11 is or that the war on terror is still ongoing


you're not exactly the winner of this exchange.


lol wale has a chris cooley tat


he got a different date tho


>in a daring bit of counterfactual history, paradox will allow players to revive the confederate states of america, commonly known as the confederacy, and lead them into war against imperial japan and nazi germany.      will they let you save anne frank?


the story on r_a yesterday about a woman asking for an open relationship was just so obviously fiction. it's ridiculous. not saying stuff like that doesn't happen, but the story hit *all* the notes.


reeeeeeeee


it's all eric clanton all over again


> finally biting her in the ass      *woody_harrelson_crying_into_money.gif*


you're already in a thread discussing the movies where there's a high chance of spoilers, and i said "by the end of the movie". if you kept reading, i think that's on you.


that's probably a factor of my depression i think i may have. never even had a girl show interest in me. i see what your saying, but its hard not to when you see everyone around you doing so well.


i've got some good news for ya anon ;)


colbert fell off after the report


in high school i sat next to this right wing gay dude who seemed to spend all his free time mocking trans people and women (lesbian or straight, doesn't matter). the lack of self-awareness in some people is crazy


he would have been 57 today.


shoutout to all my non binazimmunistlumanese people out there


i didn't know this. with this, my dislike towards liu bei has increased.          cao cao is better as everyone knew he was evil. liu bei was a closet evil.


u got a loicense fo that joak m8??


lmao what? that is laughably stupid.


but you were so hopeful mueller was gonna pull through anyway?


thats the thing you pay attention to?


kon he bc ye dono


>abuse apologism       huh? your new sub has a whole thread defending josh duggar, the guy who literally fingered his five-year-old sister.


was just in shanghai, and shanghainese food is all pretty gross. and i live in korea and am very adventurous with food.      shanghai still has lots of amazing food, but the shanghainese stuff was almost all terrible.


did you ever find a place that did have good advice for tinder?


>there were a lot of guys who made donations ages ago on the understanding they'd have nothing to do with the kids as a result, and some decades later, the politicians decided it wasn't faaaaairrrrrrrrr that the kids wouldn't know who their "real dads" were and to know what their "genetic risks" and so forth are. so they basically gave kids access to the files.        putting genetic risks in quotations is a nice dismissal. i'm adopted and had bowel cancer that was caused by a distinct gene or group of genes. if i had known about having the genetic background, my doctor would have been screening me more than a decade before the cancer, which was on the cusp of killing me, was discovered.        what a classy, classy person.


antinatalism is not a strong position imo, but you're making bad arguments against it      > if you are alive, you can enjoy a delicious slice of pizza. therefore by your logic, i have found one reason to exist, ergo the only possible conclusion is that you should have children.      by whose logic? i've never heard an antinatalist argue that there are literally no positives to being alive. their arguments usually fall into these categories:      - the challenges or bad parts of life do outweigh the good      - even if they don't, it's difficult to prove it convincingly enough to justify action (creating a life and rolling the dice) vs inaction (not creating a life, neutral result)      - even if you prove the utilitarian case convincingly enough, you've argued yourself into a moral imperative to have literally as many children as possible      if you're like the overwhelming majority of people, being alive is obviously better than not being alive, and it's absurd to question it. but it's not the case for everyone. imagine if your experience of life (the only experience you truly have access to) were overwhelmingly negative, and you genuinely would have preferred to have never been born. can you see how the decision to create another life would seem morally ambiguous from that perspective?


i agree and disagree with you at the same time. i hate the tone policing. which is what i'm assuming the ban was for. you should be able to say stuff in an aggressive manner when addressing a group. we live in a emotion filled world, it shouldn't be a crime to have emotions.


it's time to activate the secret robot form of the eiffel tower that destroys all that disrespect france.


only other thing id do is inspect the shit u plan on keeping for bugs b4 u move in to the new house


i can only assume it's related to moderation, but /r/relationship_advice has way more mras and insane stories than /r/relationships. it's like the post vs the times


wholesome


ah. to be entirely fair, a lot of his female/feminine characters tend to look really similar if they don't have a unique physical feature. a lot of the side characters i end up mixing up from that. though i'm still certain several characters made it a point to mention how beautiful the character was, and even had a proposal from some sumo wrestler or something.


a quarantine isn't far enough imo.      it's a good start however. we've been asking for this for so many years.      it's sad that the admins have so far been  sympathetic to the right.


bullying is never right... by that you are encouraging a toxic mindset. my dad bullied me and called me stuff like pansy and a sissy.. i'm against all bullying because it's damaging, creates a toxic environment and it gives the alt right more power


ever notice "the left" never exploits, brainwashes or 'recruits' people, it's only groups or affiliations outside of the left that does this, imagined or otherwise      really makes you think


i now choose to live life as a srdine.


am i missing the original thread or something?


my friend (let's call her c) was basically one of my first friends in college, and she's helped me through a lot of tough shit (depression, anxiety, losing a family member, losing a friend). i've known her since sophomore year, and now we're both seniors. i'm graduating in 2.5 months, but she's staying for a 5th year. most of my friends are juniors or staying for a 5th year, so it's going to be really tough for me to leave my friends behind. my college friends are like my family.      i've also helped c through a nasty breakup with one of her previous girlfriends. because of this, i was happy for her when she got her new girlfriend last year, but now i think things have gotten weird.      she literally spends all her time with her girlfriend. like always. even though c lives with just one other dude, her girlfriend is practically her third roommate, and i know this pisses off c's actual roommate. c's girlfriend doesn't go to college and just lives in the same town we go to school in.      c has just gradually stopped talking to me. she even killed our ~600 day snapchat streak a few months ago for practically no reason. sometimes she'll randomly send me a meme or two on facebook and i'll try to start a conversation with her, but 95% of the time the conversation ends with her leaving me on read.      sometimes, i'll see c's other friends around on campus and they'll ask me if i've ever heard from c, because they haven't. because of this i know this isn't something c's just doing to me, but she's doing this to all her friends.      i'm happy that c is happy in her relationship, but i'm hurt that she's practically cut off myself and all of her other friends. since i'm graduating in a few months, i want to spend as much time with all of my friends as possible before i leave campus. i haven't seen her in months, and i'm worried that if she doesn't get her shit together, i may not see her again before i graduate      **thanks for reading. i know this isn't an advice subreddit, but if anyone's been in a similar situation, let me know how you dealt with it**


good ol' twitter


r/antiwork


there's a quote from an earlier game that i really like that goes something like: "strong pokemon, weak pokemon, that's only our selfish perceptions. truly skilled trainers should fight with their favorites." and tbh i feel like that's what the pokémon games should be about, at least at a casual level. meta? never heard of her. i'm fighting the elite 4 with a team of all cat pokemon and you cannot stop me.


this... this is soo true.. ibanezg10.


stand up and salute the manlet national anthem.


>once hitting me in the head with a frying pan because i didnt do the dishes right.      wtf. that's genuinely horrible, your mother sounds like a narcissist.


they *have* to fall for it, because their demand for outrage far outstrips the supply. plus it would be soooo embarrassing to not be hip to the latest top-secret dog-whistles.


the left: facebook's fake news and russian shillbots stole the election from hillary!!      also left: acknowledging fake news is high treason!


how can you not wrap your head around people liking things you don't? how the fuck does it actually bother you that people like movies you don't like?       how can you have made it this far in life and be dumbfounded at the idea of others liking something you don't?


> kids don't get freaked out about something until someone teaches them to freak out about something. if you make a big deal out of it you will only make it worse and make literally everyone uncomfortable      "my kid is literally 4 and cried about orange man bad"


never even considered it until the covington kids situation happened.  now i'm really thinking about it.


it's difficult when they suckin and it gets tangled with your luscious pubic hair


muh poor omnicidial religion


what are some reddit alternatives?


it's a detail *and* a joke, but op got weirdly aggressive, as is tradition.


of course incompetence would be heroic...


isn't this twitter though?       and isn't this about the straight pride parade, of those 3 guys from boston?      man you people are just using every excuse ever to shit on tumblr.      whatever floats your boat i guess.


tumblr decides that the daily show is america's most trusted news source


at least where i'm from the med schooled doctors suck at research, if it's not something they specifically wanted to do.       it's really not surprising, a physician isn't a scientist and much of the training is doing manual work. even when they get mds they are in many cases for career advancement, not that they want to actually do science.      if you do good research it's going to be hard, no matter what the field is.


i don't understand what their trying to say


my vpn makes it so i cant read the article


nice one


ye aur iske dost ek kamra main band ho jayee our chabi sala me pattal  main phekdu


for a sec i thought it was manoj bajpai


to be fair, there's a lot of damage yet to develop thanks to the lead poisoning - a whole generation is probably fucked.      and i'm not so sure that the water is really clean just because its now below the regulatory maximums.


thank you for taking the time to comment!


in probably one of the most infamous cases of shipping fuckery, during a tour of the animation studio someone takes a photograph of production material that's supposed to be behind several nda's. [some genius decides that they wont leak the material as long as they canonize the "klance" ship.]([URL]      essentially blackmailing an entire animation studio into making their ship canon. you can't make this shit up.


this is the typical shoujo female-only-school mother


how sensitively was this recent portrayal done?


in that i'd say it's been a smashing success


because the kids (including the 16 y/o) don't understand what they're talking about, it was clearly orchestrated by the adults (presumably parents) who are just using their kids as tools to make the senator look bad.      diane is trying to explain her side & they keep interrupting her, naturally she says "well you know better than i do" facetiously and suddenly people are *literally* calling her a "bitch". no, the lady who won't let a senator much older and wiser than herself speak is the bitch. diane only resorts to saying this shit because nobody will let her talk, and it's very clear if you watched the video.


sverige follows a similar, but even more extreme version of the all meat diet


i care about all missing and murdered people.  color and race don't matter.  fuck me i guess.


you have no idea what kind of shit territory you just stepped into. help is for the rich. as per being homeless, the only sort of help you're suggesting is a low funded government facility with crack heads and heroin addicts who lost their marbles ages ago.   you think people give a fuck about some guys ramblings on the internet? no, they don't.   you don't fucking care, "get help" it is a blanket insulting statement that you are using as an all inclusive fuck you. i want you to understand the ramifications of your words and the pit of what it means.   "get help" is a low budget "i don't care about you"  


why tumblr


the alabama men is a way better toy


how dumb can jussie possibly be?  this was terribly planned, and the "script" for the fictional maga guys was laughably bad ("this is maga country!" *in chicago???*).


i struggle with same. i'm 45 and deeply entrenched in my career and standards of living, but the daily struggle is real. i wish i could quit and do some leisurely craft for money, but it would never be enough. every day i work hard, mentally not physically, for 8 hours and collapse when i get home. by thursday i'm wiped and i need the weekend to recover.


this is just like django.


bruh


people that identify as incels


i dont like sand


if you read the first line of the article it's say "the first prophet of equality"      *laughs in burka*


out of sight, out of mind


i guess we gotta wait 40 years to find out who actually set this up.  i'm guessing a european intelligence agency or maybe mossad working together the with the cia, but what do i know?


honest question here, how do people decide the general consensus on whether a word is offensive to a community or not? i can perfectly understand and agree with not using a word towards people if they say they don't like to be referred to that way, but how do we determine what is wrong to a much larger group?      i think the thing that confuses me the most about "trap" as to whether it is offensive or not, is that the only times i ever see it used in reference to real people or in real life is for nsfw purposes, and i think, at least in my experience,  people have very different definitions on whether something is offensive when it's being used explicitly for those scenarios.       i guess the long and short of it is, i can fully see and agree with how it would be offensive in just a normal setting, but i'm not sure if it would be offensive if it's being used mainly for nsfw purposes, which is what it is as far as i know.


i wish i were kidding. i can't link names anymore because i don't want to get suspended for mentioning this user *again*, but i had a very high karma thread here removed by the anti-evil team that posted a pm conversation between me and [highest karma user] where he outed himself (jocularly or not) as a paid advertiser for companies, etc., and well...      i got suspended for seven days for "harassment".      today on the **sixth day** it was finally reversed via appeal. my appeal was simple. there is no harassment if someone messages **you** and never once indicates in the messages that they wish to stop receiving messages. that very clearly means they want to keep talking to you.      not once did [highest karma user] *ever* indicate he didn't want to receive further messages from me! in fact, the last pm i had sent him was to never contact me again, which he somewhat complied with, well, until he had his cronies (the reddit admins) falsely suspend me.      posting private messages (of which he was going to do anyway, evident by how he used it to rally brigades against me and many others) is a bit crass but **not** against the rules whatsoever.      tl;dr: do **not** talk to power users or anyone who may have an agenda against you. reddit admins don't actually look at harassment reports---they just take them at face value and assume the report is true. an appeal will likely be listened to at some point if you're not being a tool within it and **have clear and concise proof that they not only initiated conversation but never said "stop talking to me" or anything to that effect**, but it'll be near the end of the suspension anyway.


another good song is the spanish blue division song primavera.


hey acidassasin! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * this post is not appropriate for srd.       please read our rules before posting here again.            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


naw dawg.  just as an example, many, **many** states that succeeded the roman empire viewed it a peak for civilized society and a model that should be returned to.


musou if i recall corectly is warriors in japanese, given the warriors franchise is    basically the monopoly in that game style/type of game as they are the only ones who do that (with almost no exception) people has called that narrow genre as the franchise.


dasha nekrasova > anna khachiyan      change my mind      also this is like the only picture of amber that has made me even vaguely consider the thought of wanting to surround my penis with her      pussy warm, mmmm mmm


smeargle.


and cries twice as hard when you strike back.


sex is like oxygen - it's not a big deal unless you're not getting it.       i think the people commenting on whether other people are or aren't getting laid are probably dealing with their own insecurities regarding sex. maybe they feel they're not getting enough sex, not having good enough sex, not having long-lasting sex, not having the right kind of sex, not having sex with the right people etc.       people do and will talk about sex. it's a biological drive we have. there is no reason for a secure, content person to make someone else feel bad about their sex life.


they always remind me of the [reign of terror]([URL] when they start calling for people to be killed.


of course, the media only reports on things it can spin into an interesting story. the media doesn't actually care about trans people, it just cares that they can spin it either into a sob story or something about how trans people are wrong in the head depending on the political views of the outlet.      plus, transgender people *are* a high-risk population for suicide, so it makes sense that there's special attention for how to reduce transgender suicide rates from charities/academia. higher risks require greater research and resources to reduce than lower risks, so i think it makes sense that high-risk populations are given special attention. ~~except when they're not, because the nhs denies many transgender people any sort of support outside of gics, and since gic waiting lists are often 2+ years long that means the nhs it means people experiencing problems such as suicidal ideation as a result of dysphoria receive no help for 2 years.~~ that said, we definitely need to do a lot more to reduce suicide rates of everyone, because not enough is being done for anyone.


exactly. and by the other frame of logic, gordon ramsay should only cook british food. smh


torrents zindabad


gamers rise up


[link to post ]([URL]      somebody, who we shall name jacob, sent the navy seal copypasta to a guy who was arguing with somebody, which we shall refer to as iron, iron proceeds to reply with his address hoping that jacob would prove himself as tough by going there to fight him      somebody shares the argument on r/atethepasta and jacob goes on the post and tells the sub who he was arguing with is as the original comments made by him were deleted      iron goes in the comments and proceeds to start talking shit       [iron's comment after being summoned]([URL]       iron claims he is (or at least was) a soldier and he killed arabs, referring to a comment he made on the original thread where he said his address, where he states he has killed arabs and hopefully killed jacob's cousins      [iron stating he is proud of killing arabs ]([URL]      he then points out how he doesn't believe jacob is actually a navy seal because he fails to provide a bud class number where he learned, resulting in people pointing out he doesn't understand that what the navy seal copypasta is, resulting in him stating that so they're harassing a veteran       another user then links a [graduation tier post]([URL] (now deleted) that's what you expect from the typical pro-america and pro-military sentiment here in the ys      edit: iron has deleted their account


> in fact let's ask the saudi education system, which condemns all other muslim groups.   >    > the official religious school [because islam is not a monolithic bloc] of the saudis is wahhabism, which didn't emerge until the 1700s, and while sadly strong, is not a majority school, even if you count its salafi and deobandi affiliates.      precisely, you nailed it. wahhabism isn't just strong, is the biggest influence because of the power of saudi arabia, a country that not only has an almost unlimited amount of resources but also uses them to spread as much propaganda as they want.      i'm all up for reforming islam, throwing all the backwards shit away and putting it under control like the west did with the church. but right now, that just isn't the case.


look at the flag


hey deathbahamutxxx! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * this drama has already been featured.            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


i love when drama gets posted on and is immediately downvoted, its so transparent that it's someone from the drama who isn't happy about the way that they came off.


deja wu


just like my urethra


get half paid up front as collateral, you've learned your lesson.


mathematics.


i'm sorry that happened to you, if you ever need to talk, i'm just a dm away.


he planted a bullet to enact more "gun control" rules at his campus. sure you can argue motives but the simplest and most obvious solution to a question is usually the correct one. whether he was doing to to just have more restricting rules or to illustrate how these rules are stupid doesn't take away from the fact that this is a poltical topic.


[or not far enough]([URL]


what's the @?


r/murderedbywords


>no you!


it says a lot about how low the people on mensrights thinks of progressives not masturbating over daddy peterson


oh i should have been more specific. a zombie musou game where the player characters are all based on romance of 3k people


i haven't been paying attention to the whole thing but in what way is captain marvel an sjw thingy? (not doubting that it is, just don't know)


not about being comfortable, it's about being proud of who you are.


no      you absolutely must virtue signal at at least the same level as this person.  otherwise you are a monster


yeah, i can see what you mean- i probably should have thought the title through more


> no one is for that except the members of those groups.      you said "i don't see any nazis" which is what i was addressing. but since you brought it up, [about 9% of the american population does support it — about 22 million people.]([URL]      > antifa is even attacking registered democrats, ripping a flag out of their hand and people applaud.      so is this the example you're going with? how do you think that compares to the assassination of lubcke?      > there is a big fucking difference.      between what exactly again?      > calling this out doesn't make me alt-right.       never said it did.      > even the media coverage of this stuff      it does look like the media is stifling the coverage of it. though i did see it on r/news this morning. it has only been a day though, i wouldnt be surprised if the bigger news outlets do come out wirh something on this after gathering sources and more information.      > a ton of self inflicted "attacks" that are trying to frame the right      any more examples besides smollett?


both of them have blocked me on twitter


indubitably


check the iran stats.


crying over a fucking food?


where's the catch pepelaugh


self-fullfilling prophecy


well no, not a liberal bias. liberalism is right-wing fascism-adjacent fence-sitting.


exactly.


[URL]      [URL]      reactions -       con-      [URL]      [URL]      [URL]      [URL]      and a whole fuck of a lot more - [URL]      pro - there's a couple      [URL]      [URL]      [URL]     


they know their audience.


shit meme.


the fact you haven't denounced israel yet, mashallah


1 it's ok to refer to people exclusively using racial and sectarian insults and never call them their name      2 if 1 doesn't work, it's ok to physically push those people about.       3 churches get totally vandalised      4 people get death threats      5 local businesses are run by alleged terrorists      6 said alleged terrorists invite convicted terrorists over and convicted terrorists are treated like celebrities we should be glad to have in our town      7 young people get pushed and held down by adults who have given them death threats in the past      8 people are told to go home based on their heritage      9 one set of people always get the last word because if not then someone will end up beat up. you learn that quick. i knew that by the time i was 13      10 when young men like my best friend come out as gay at 18 they are made to leave town and disowned by their own families. he is an amazing guy but his family won't see that. he is a talented guy that most towns would brag about, but not ours.      11 it's ok to label young people as thieves based on their heritage      12 it's ok to pick on young people when you're in a gang of mates and they're on their own.      i'm probably missing things out here. i'm basing this only on things i've directly seen or my own experiences.      so if we're going to start gossiping, let's start with this stuff. and let's get this stuff sorted so people stop thinking it's ok.      i left town last weekend scared in case people saw me as weak. but i don't care if they do or not. i'm strong for enduring some of this stuff.      (i hope this isn't blanket statements, i'm not naming the town to keep it anonymous, safety reasons, and also to avoid stereotyping the place.)  


maybe she can be cell mates with jussie.


bot coming through in the clutch


why not just base it off class or income? why does race come in to it? i would assume you want to help working class white people, and i assume middle class and upper class black people dont need help, so it's just an income issue? or have i misunderstood?


yeah, you're correct.


pardon my ignorance but i don't think that's right.      lets say person a steals a $100 jacket from person b      person a then sells the jacket to person c for $100      person b claims the jacket is stolen and wants it back.       there's still a net loss. either one of the people will lose $100. person a doesn't lose anything.      why should person c willingly lose $100? what gives person b the right to not be a victim against person c?


i don't know, i personally can't qualify as evil something that isn't dark type, but you're right


out child pornographer


anything to post with that hashtag.


bot asked for link, you here you go: [[URL]


itt people don't understand fixed vs marginal cost.     


worshipping god =/= idolatry. pick up a theology textbook


mods are starting to sweat bullets


no doubt, he has blood of arabs, turks, somalia in him...


yes.  the positions of "i'll never be a sale, ergo my piracy isn't hurting the developers" and "i'm going to not be a sale to hurt the developers" are contradictory.


why do mods think ban mean anything ?


**context**      this subreddit focuses on the duggars, an american fundamentalist christian family with 19 children from the same parents. this denomination of christianity is extremely strict. most of the women only wear skirts below the knee, the children are homeschooled, and they reject modern music and media. the duggar family had a reality television show called \*19 kids and counting\*, which ended due to backlash when it was discovered that the oldest son molested four of the sisters. a new show, called \*counting on\*, focuses on just the adult children and their lives after the scandal. both of the tv shows used to have their own subreddits, but they became mostly inactive.             this subreddit drama focuses on r/duggarssnark, a subreddit created to make snark about the duggar family. however, there has been discussion between members on the subreddit concerning what constitutes snark and what constitutes "leghumping." leghumping is fawning over or praising the duggars, which is not allowed on the sub. some people believe positive observations (ex: her hair looks better than usual) or explaining behavior (ex: is it normal to eat casserole all the time? yes, that is normal in some regions) are forms of leghumping, while other people do not believe so.             **original post**      [a regular user posted a meme aimed at leghumpers, people in the comments don't like being characterized as leghumpers, there is a fight about what constitutes leghumping]([URL]             [the user then decides to leave the sub]([URL]             [a different user creates a discussion themed subreddit to supplement the snark subreddit, snark fans tell him to leave]([URL]             [the two main mods (one now deleted) attempt to clarify "leghumping"]([URL]             [a less active mod makes their own post (now deleted) to clarify "leghumping," using a definition that allows positive comments and explaining to be posted. some users object.]([URL]             [the two main mods delete the less active mod's post, and remove that mod]([URL]             the two main mods make a post to get community feedback, delete post after [feedback]([URL] [questions]([URL] the mods.             as a result of the final thread, one mod deleted their account. the other main mod has yet to respond.


the meme is correct. if you don't drink the misandrist kool-aid, she is not for you. she did you a favor!


bots are going vegan? well that's good news


i know it makes sense game mechanic wise but it was always funny to me how each generation just sort of added pokemon and types and stuff. gen 1 is like "catch all 151


i got banned from there


its connected with incels. its not the main issue, the main issue is that they hate women but because of it, everytime i see someone use the word female in a non clinical context i get creeped out.


the final straw for darkjokes


bruh moment indeed


things we don't gossip about in my home town...


the more i read this the more i think these losers either never go on dates or just get used by girls they like and think its natural because they don't wanna be mean


i'm in the uk and my understanding was that for a degree to be classed as a science (so a bsc or msc) it had to have an accrediting body so universities that offer a psychology bsc have to meet the requirements of the british psychology society. so i wonder what governing body there is of gender studies that meets the scientific standard.


site [URL]      thread in t_d [URL]      tested it here got removed as well   [URL]


see, part of the problem with talking about roman *and* chinese histories is that they both had the habit of talking themselves up (everyone does this, but the romans and chinese were especially notorious for it) and shit-talking their enemies (again, as above), to the point where they would sometimes just flat-out make shite up.      for example, the romans wrote that several germanic tribes wore untanned animal skins, lived in stick-huts and didn't practice agriculture. actual anthropology suggests that the germanic peoples were only a little less advanced/wealthy than the celtic peoples to the west and south, and the celtic peoples were themselves far from the "barbarians" the romans (and greeks!) portrayed them as.


maybe they've been talking about one person named "white people", who's a huge dick.


just because someone is sensitive doesn't make their feelings any less valid than someone who is not sensitive


who? gallowboob? he's not voldemort. we can say his name


i got my soda  and big ass fries right here. am ready


what would provoke that? major wars aren't fought that way anymore. russia wanted to "war" with the eu so they destabilized syria and flooded europe with refugees from all over the middle east. usa is toppling a regime in venezuela right now - no us military is going to attack anyone. i can't imagine what would prompt an actual land war between the us and anyone in europe


i'm white. i don't smoke crack; i free base.


yeah, but we still don't know if he uses it as a mousepad too. if so, what does the mouse itself look like?


cope


image - tinypic - free image hosting, photo sharing & video hosting


the company is biased, but youtube comments are very right wing


have they forgotten that germany and russia tried socialism and communism respectively and it failed, miserably and that most of the former soviet union were communist until relatively recently?


drittes rama


indeed. dogs were the real villains all along! /s


that mod post is extremely questionable. i'm glad to see  a commenter saying how it's not a good idea to censor the discussion because the only ones who benefit from that are people who would suppress the rights of non-binary folk.      it's also super against the spirit of one piece as a whole to avoid discussion of the designated "strange" or "undesirable". "othering" is a major issue in one piece, it's the crux of two of the new world arcs and pretty significant to katakuri on whole cake island. it is very dumb to ban potential discussion of it.


wait for shadowkeep


i fear death


hey look, it's whataboutism with a side of ad hominem.


to be fair /r/canada is still corrupt


i like the flag tho, but, the sun in the middle which is called "black sun" or "schwarze sonne" is actually an really old symbol called "magische sonne" in english "magic sun", for my opinion, the symbol is wonderful, im also wearing it as a patch, besides my beloved hammer and sickle, but this leaves for many people in public in the question, if im a nazi xd (im infact an nazbol, but most people in my hometown call me "commie-nazi")


agreed


popcorn over popcorn sales in til


i'm sorry but just the image of someone drop kicking a baby is the funniest thing i've ever imagined. it still sucks what you had to go through. hope you're doing well


clearly it is traditional chinese pizza


do we know when the picture was taken? it might have been before it was officially announced it was all bullshit.


rules for thee but not for me      *their* taxes wouldn't increase.


they're responsible for being /pol/ bannermen.. what was created there that spread beyond it?


and now i'm hungry.


let me find out one of my parents says that to me. i'd be soo damn infuriated that it would propel me out of suicide and give me a reason to live again. your dad is a sorry excuse for a man saying that to his suicidal child. disgusting. i can set a standard that makes him an irrelevant worm in comparison too. but that isn't fair, is it?           if i were you: "oh alright. well then, with that, our "relationship" has actually just ended. i will no longer speak to you again nor ask you for help. since you seem nonchalant about my existence in this world, goodbye. don't speak unless it is in an apologetic manner for the absolute filth you just hurled at me. as for the financial matter, thank you for stating the terms of business. i'll work out a way to sustain myself, since you both have made yourselves abundantly clear. i do not and will not expect monetary aid from you. thank you."           i'm in a similar place as you. both of my parents are acting insane, though one of them actually is a sociopath. and yes i've had suicidal thoughts on and off almost my whole life. my sociopath parent has plenty of money, houses, etc. we've never had a relationship except when i was a baby(doesn't count). i've literally told this parent to not put me in their will. it was to send a message. what's that message?           money isn't love, and i don't need that from you. i never needed it. i needed a parent, but now it's too late and i'm indifferent(or more accurately don't want a relationship). just like you've been my entire life. if you don't have an innate desire out of your own heart to help your own child, then i absolutely do not want anything at all from you. i don't accept blood money. period.           leave your parents house asap. i'm telling you. i waited too long, don't be like me. do it now. you won't heal/grow properly unless you do. they're probably the ones making you suicidal. leave and rely on yourself if you have to. that's what i'm doing right now and it feels awesome. if you have to wait and save up money for college i say it's worth it. the satisfaction of not taking a dime from your parent that doesn't care if you exist is priceless. be independent asap. you have innate worth and dignity just by virtue of being a human being. you need to respect yourself too, and know that you have worth. just because they are your parents, that does not give them impunity to hurl crap at you without consequences. stand up for yourself, respectfully. be confident you're in the right and don't let anger consume you. you have value, and are valued, and nobody can take that away. work however much it takes to get out. once you're independent and floating your own boat, reexamine your suicidal thoughts if they're there still. i know it sounds kinda dumb but literally tell your suicide to take a back seat and do this task first. i can guarantee you will at least feel better, and maybe not suicidal anymore. process of elimination, eliminate the two glaring suspects. don't keep debating within yourself like "oh maybe i can stay longer and they will treat me better" etc. in your heart of hearts you know whether or not your living environment is toxic to your mental health. sorry for ranting.           god bless.


can we mod him


quint being a limp dick as always...


cool, many people, if not most have found some reason to live. one of the most common reasons to live is actually to take care of your children


i'm gonna mildly inconvenience men and at best irritate them for a few minutes!! take that, patriarchy!


> i mean, abortion has been pretty much banned      so alabama is now the dictator of the united states?


have you seen satoshi's dick? guarantee the man is hung like a moose, with gargantuan balls


the fact that you're alive now for one.


a subreddit that exists exclusively to criticize people on a tv show, and positive comments are not allowed. that is a special kind of nastiness.


no one said debt      they said deficit      government spending isn't the problem though lol


sadly, they're not.      i posted this to /r/tumblr around the time this was posted and they all dog piled on the guy because his reply was a bit "smug" and "douchey".      fucking no mention of the nazi adjacent person above him, hell, a lot of em said they had a point! that they just weren't a "shining example" and that the things they said didn't make them wrong. my replies pointing out this hypocrisy garnered more downvotes than i've ever had. i said such terrible things along the lines of... "isn't espousing the superiority of any race/gender worse than being a smarmy cunt?" and they reacted as though i'd just slid my fist inside whatever fucking vein pushes the milk out of the tit.      i'm a british liberal and i'm so left leaning that it'd make most of you puke but the two things i value above all else are firstly that logic and facts are more important than feelings and that freedom of discourse is a requirement for a progressive society.      but neither of those things are requirements of these people! 25 years of life and not one right leaning individual has managed to change my beliefs but these fucking amoeba just being on the same team as me has resulted in my rethinking things. fucking **idiots.**


i think the account is a sock puppet. no posts, 4m old, almost every comment he makes is gold, has a level of detail you would normally find in a script speech.


this comment got me banned from r/offmychest


with access to secret doj databases that no one else but him has heard of


reversed conversion therapy when?


i will never comprehend why people hate trans characters on shows so much. it's one of the more baffling things about the internet to me.


yeah they got part of their mod list purged.


why censor "masters". does she not know it means "master of studies in that content"?      it has nothing to do with race.


an infiltration, you say?      dear god, karen...***the americans are coming from inside the house!***


not allowed to satirize protected politicians


i'll see you on the ban list


do you understand how time works?


i barely leave my house hth am i a colonizer


its very advanced why its used, you can probably search a video to explain it


i think part 4 and 5 are worst and they have male leads.      huh, guess this can go this way.


i think no balls is an ability.


what's the korea thing about?


just passing through


oof the whole box


proactive self defense isn't self defense


have you ever had sex before? your daki doesn't count btw


the man has *scruples*


the tragic part is that we can't ping to find out what's going on


lol


is she still trying to become a sports reporter?


i think the writer has a point, honestly. rowling wants all the credit for having a gay character while not actually making him gay. we didn't know ~~dumbledore~~ kroger-brand gandalf was gay until after the last book came out and she said "oh yeah, he's gay," which was a shock to people because there's literally nothing about it in the books. i can understand lgbtq people wanting gay representation in literature to actually be there and not to just be told "you know that character you really liked? he was gay the whole time," after they finish the book.


they want nothing to do with the timed exclusivity i guess, even if it means pirating it to play it early, and then eventually paying for it on the platform they prefer.


from what i have gathered, polygon journalists only spend as much time reviewing the game as it takes to find everything p r o b l e m a t i c and not bother actually playing it


go on...what kind of character?


people have been using it non-ironically for a while now. i see it quite often.


> i called someone i was friends with an idiot after they tried to show a cnn video of a non profit that helps migrant children and provides shelter as proof that trump's concentration camps were much nicer than the media says. she refused to see or believe anything that disputed this or evidence that trump prevents non profits like that from helping detained children/infants. she also didn't like that i tried to explain that her being an idiot for her support of trump is a compliment because the only other possibility was her being evil.      that last part...it's satire, it has to be.


ultimately it's his wife's body they were joking about, the whole burden of every woman who can't have children shouldn't be on them. and it's not even as if they were like "oh - she was pregnant (for real), but yeah, now she had a miscarriage - lol!", it was simply a lie about her being pregnant. jesus, these people have me defending justin bieber of all people, smh


putin's dream tbh.


what a japanese nazi (/s)


i'm 18 and i sort of agree with you. do 18 if you are employed (not a full-time student) or 25 if you are not.


asking the real questions.


that we are


same in the netherlands, i have a bsc in applied psychology (a 4 year study).


>even from the pic i can smell      this is not expected from you... i am disappointed in you...


that entire sub is an fbi psy op, right?


ikr? i don't mean to get into whitewashing/ making characters a darker skin color for 'diversity', but a while back i saw this shitty drawing of 2d as black for 'diversity' bc he was 'racist' all because of him being white, which is something he would never think of doing.


but where will the reddit refugees go to?      voat is just a racist alt-right shithole with slur-filled comments buried in every post.      slashdot had its day and was the link aggregation site that lost market share to digg.      hacker news is entirely tech focused and probably wants nothing to do with reddit's mainstream success.      gab has a similarly bad reputation to voat.      and those are just the reddit competitors that people have *heard* of.


it was way worse than that, tbh. the plan was so incoherent, the only way it could really function is if he kept bringing the dates of military action forward because he needed raw materials from the conquests.      was pretty insane, because it put germany in a position where they couldn't possibly be ready for a 2, or 3 front war with the us and the soviet union, especially considering soviet industrial output greatly out-stripped german industrial capacity.       then, you know, there was the thing with the ural bomber:      [URL]


luckily in my time on this earth i've managed to romance many fine-looking 23 year old heavy metal enthusiast women using restaurants much less nice than even an applebees.


today was my best friends birthday party and him and i had been planning it for ages. he was doing paintball but i was just helping him organise it so everyone can have a good time.      we went in the morning and it was great, heaps of fun, 10 of us all best mates. after paintballing we went back to my friends place. we had planned to hang out for the evening in his back yard, with chill music, yummy food and just happy times to celebrate a good blokes birthday.      we were only there together for an hour before everyone disappeared saying they all had things to do. so i hung around with him for the afternoon but it just being us two got kinda boring so i went home. then later on this evening we were playing xbox when we checked snapchat maps. all of the people who we "busy" were all hanging out in the city.      all our "friends" left my best mates 17th to go hang out by themselves. after seeing this we both realised that they had been hiding their plans from us all week. hiding their phones when in group chats just not talking to us about the party. they basically turned up for free paintball (which is expensive!!) and left for themselves.       i am upset because i feel excluded, but i also feel terrible for my friend who tried really hard to make all his friends happy. i think it's so unfair of them to neglect us like that.


see the sticky, no need for a dozen submissions regarding the breaking news.      also:      > try to summarize the background of the hoax as best you can in the headline without editorializing. try to be as clinical as possible this means refraining from vitriol and sarcasm.


i don't have a garden really- but the only stuff eatables i have thriving are my rosemary and my jalapeños. and i've got a ton of regular yard plants that seem to be seriously struggling. i'm no plant expert, but i do my best- and it's not going so well.      you work in a commercial kitchen? or just suffering in your residential kitchen? i can't imagine cooking with no a/c either way


yeah, it always surprises me when an american tells people not to use retard but then use spastic/spaz liberally. it's really shocking for me whenever i hear/read it      for the unaware, it refers to people with cerebral palsy


its not because of corrupt governments (okay some of it is) but the vast vast vast majority of the problem is that the people trying to help do not understand economics.      we ship food, we ship mosquito nets and medicine to these poor places. but how do the locals compete with a product that is free? if i want to manufacture mosquito nets and sell them, who will buy my product when they are being given out for free? if i'm a farmer, how do i sell my crop, when the market is being flooded with free food? we are putting locals out of business. we are creating welfare dependents and then, most insidiously, we change the amount being given year by year. we destroy industries and then cut aid a few years later leaving people to starve and die of malaria.      if we wanted to actually help, we would build industries in those places and create jobs so that they can support themselves instead of being reliant on aid. if anyone who reads this wants to help poorer countries, [URL] groups together microloans for 3rd world countries. it helps far more than throwing free goods and services at them, and the majority of loans are repaid so your donation (loan) is very likely to get returned to you so you can loan it again.


i mean the idiot posted his own address in hopes of fighting someone, how is this pushing this type of behaviour?


doesn't matter had gold


lmao [he also claims he was a special forces soldier]([URL]


[USER] was a mod on this sub for a brief period starting around february, just as the smollett hoax began. he made a strange decision to enforce the "confirmed hoax" rule, which quickly became an excuse to remove any posts related to the developing hoax. some suspect he was effectively a pr agent who forced his way onto the mod team, and his actions have definitely split the userbase.      he has been sacked, however, so there's a high chance the sub will recover.


i'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:      - [/r/againstkarmawhores] [proof of fake stories made by a user to farm karma on gullible story based subreddits]([URL]       *^(if you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([info](/r/totesmessenger) ^/ ^[contact](/message/compose?to=/r/totesmessenger))*


from what i've seen, they aren't necessarily helpful for women. i posted a couple things looking for some advice and didn't get much help.


kunal bhaiya ki ghar wapsi. & happy holi to fellow lonely bakchods!!


parts of chicago are a war zone. they simply cannot keep up.


reactionary garbage


the funny thing is that israel would probably be killed off in a year without us support.


they are old enough to see most of it now. which has never brought me solace. i don't understand why it would. what brings me peace is the hope that i can impress on them the values that might prevent the same thing from happening again in their lives. my faith in their ability to heal and to find a new familiarity with something healthy and serene...


interesting as fuck is more for rare gemstones or mechanical pencils, or specific facts about obscure things which are interesting. as i said, i disagree with the netting. despite this, i feel that his ability to push this to the top is disconcerting. he has the power to spread more than just this.


i'd put money on a good half the folks in there saying they're boycotting laughed when boomers did it with nike.       lip service acts to protest when you're too fat and lazy to actually protest.


is anything unproblematic at this point?


oem. lol


ops who don't respond to well-thought out responses on serious topics are assholes.


do it. i want to hear mueller tell them just how wrong they all were.


this isn't a troll sub, all it does is record mod activities.      funny how much that bothers them...


i should've been clearer. i just meant that since medicare and medicaid recipients aren't eligible for the mediation sessions, encouraging more people to go on medicare wouldn't actually fix the problem. more accurately it has nothing to do with the problem.


what are they supposed to look like?


politicalhumor: "america has never been great" (+21)


dammit


i despise my swedish accent


is this a pizzashill quote?


he got fatter with the cash republic is making him


fair enough.  i didn't know the other sub had been made and, as stated, had been off the thread dealing with other things for several days (which i made the other mods aware of).  i made the post i made because i came back online to see just masses of reports by people who were reporting leg humping like they were trying to keep up with michelle's birthrate. my post was in response to that.  it's silly, to me, to get bent over someone saying, "if you don't want to read leg humping or, alternately, if the harsh shit pisses you off, be your own mod and mute the person who you just reported."  sadly, many took that to be supportive of whatever side they weren't on, rather than taking a moment to understand that, as a fully functioning adult, they could solve their own problem.  i do agree that certain people were gunning to start drama and that that's what happened...but, it apparently started days before my post, but i was a convenient doormat.


what is this arab lunch party?


reading that made me happy :)


man prafullit hogaya sunke. ye sab karte waqt sahayata ki avashyakta ho to batana. waise toh me ahimsa me vishwas rakhta hi, but chinal kamra ke liye i'll make an exception. uski tadap mujhe kaafi chain degi.


these people ruined the terms "incel" and alt-right sooner than trolls ruined "npc"


i don't get it


they just got their bachelors and \*considered\* getting their m\*sters. it didn't say they were accepted anywhere.


im gonna destroy that anal


lol it was always only a matter of time until someone will copycat the nz shooter and post their stream to td


post pain is pretty weird, but that sweet obito vs kakashi fight makes all the pain (pardon the pun) worth it


from what sjws say, i infer it's basically anybody who wants to have civilized debate, hear different opinions, ask for proof upon hearing outlandish claims, while having the wrong opinion.


is this her dissertation? just give her a phd in gender studies instead, she's clearly fucking earned it


cumtown? what?


i appreciate these briefs views into otherreddit but i'm glad i don't live there.


>giving asians seats at the table of equity      i'm confused, is gordon ramsay denying asian people fair market value for their real estate?


i mean, they're *clearly* brown.


i don't know what case is running against her, but if she abuses modi and others like this, more cases needs to filed against her.


south text


oof.


lol 50 cent is awesome.      he was famous way before everyone got woke so he doesn't give a fuck.      i donno how people expected like one of the only actual straight up criminals to make it big as a rapper who talked about murder and pimping hoes to be woke.      he is also known for ruthless diss tracks and beefs and they expected him to not make fun of another rapper he is beefing with for hooking up with a t slur.      they get more mad at him for this then him uploading a video of him driving by another rappers mom's house and going to her work lol      watch this video this is the man people are expecting to be woke   [URL]


cerulean


this is one of the dumber pieces of social media outrage i've seen recently. making this in to a racial thing seems incredibly misguided and takes away from actual issues of racial injustice.


[USER] join us, my friend


its fuckin brutal in scotland the now. its far too hot to wear a jacket, but it can start pishing down at any minute. life on the fuckin edge


[boosie has always been pro-lgbt]([URL]


the people who keep advocating for violence are claiming that their opponents are terrorists, in order to justify their own violence.  what a shock.


every action of strangers must refer back to me!


this is where i'm at.      >'pitchford then says that he thinks "exclusives are fine when they come w/ advantages and when they are short—say, six months," which it's hard not to take as a hint. still, we have no official confirmation one way or the other'         i can wait 6 months to have all my borderlands games in one place.  


no, of course not.  but pointing out that 91% of nurses are women as an encouragement about how women have a position in stem fields doesn't serve much in the way of swaying an argument in an encouraging direction.  not only that, but the fact most nurses don't consider themselves to be in a stem position also comes into play.      what i'm saying, essentially, is that if you want to say, "sure, women have plenty of stem careers! 91% of nurses are women!" i'm not really going to feel much better about the lack of women in stem fields.


perfect thanks! i think it worked everyone is smiling at me at the office you rock!


time to enter sicko mode!


disagree. sorry, not a nurse so i hope i'm not civillian splaining here but...   you have to learn a lot of biology and other sciences to do it, and learn to use a lot of technology. everyone who has a degree to work in allied healthcare, even if what they actually do is mostly physical, has to at least make use of science, technology, and math. it just doesn't require the higher level of understanding that being a doctor does. but i think to say nursing isn't a science is to discredit it. they have done experiments and they have academic journals, there's a lot of science in things like making sure germs don't spread from patient to patient. all the practical stuff nurses think is "common sense" is on a foundation of science. like germ theory.


i don't hate the rich, lol, just bailouts.       and i actually have a very sexy dimple.


that "something" that wanders those halls is probably as lonely in them as i would be. and there is a good chance whatever it is, it's got a reproductive organ of some kind. i'd be happy to be trapped in there with a horny lonely hell-spawn. it' gonna turn me into it's sex toy, until whatever supreme being sees the unholy acts we've done in those hallways and pulls me back into reality. that being will miss me so much, but i will miss it much more. since i have to be around other humans, but i just can't get any action with anyone of them. while that being is completely alone and can't even get a single opportunity to quench it's primal urges.


that's how trump got elected. russian disinformation campaign. people accepted 100% fabricated articles from random sources as facts.


except ugly, poor, boring, and toxic people get laid all the time.           we really need to stop shaming virgins and sluts. doing so makes one an piece of shit. there is nothing wrong with being a virgin, and there is nothing sacred about it either. same with not being a virgin, or sleeping with a lot of people.          


reddit died already and the sub has no purpose


even for propaganda that sounded pathetically desperate. takes a special kind of gullible people to believe that crap


i was referering to aoc and her campaign manager funneling money from her campaign to his company.  sigh.  never mind.


most kids i know that were "just too sensitive" were abused


i needed that sub. thanks for letting us know it exists :d


links please.


could have broken some rules.


the drama correct term is sudoku, sweaty.


have to say "a lot" is a total guilty pleasure of mine. it only sounds good on my headphones though, for some reason. but i inherited some stupid bass-heavy cans from my family, and i guess this is the sort of stuff they're meant for.


rahul baba ke kutte ka naam pidi hain. it is generally used to refer to congress bootlickers.


already posted      [funny how those rules seem to be selectively enforced.]([URL]      articles about the same quote allowed to take the 3rd, 4th, and 6th spot on the /r/politics front page.      "welcome to reddit where the points don't matter and the rules don't apply as long as it's anti-trump."


[bravo! a true man!] ([URL]


that oppressed gamer deserves a goddamn medal


yes, you are better. tell everyone about it


that's a very interesting angle.       i think i can see where you're coming from, e.g. a deeply right wing future may conclude that our tolerance of trans and homosexuality is barbaric while conversely a more left wing one may conclude the same by virtue of our tolerance failing to be acceptance.      the unconvincing argument is that barbarism is typically seen as a denial of rights as opposed to the liberation, but i'm going think on this for some time i suspect


as someone who explored both options, it's genuinely easier to get into med school in my country than a clinical psychologist program- that is, considering two people who got excellent grades in their undergrads, their placement tests, and apply to any schools the could, the pre-med kid is more likely to get an acceptance. the clinical psych programs here are insanely competitive, i think when i checked less than 1-2% of applicants got in. i don't know any of my friends who wanted and tried to get into med school but didn't ‍♀️


i'm so fucking stupid lol


go to any eu country...they have open borders for illegal immigrants as well as drugs


thats op's phone that has that font.      op fix your font.


trans activism is the patriarchy (according to radfems)


check out the event is happening on facebook if you want more crazy goodness


when you quote song lyrics constantly it really pushes you towards seeming like your 13.


people who make these comments probably don't like fun, and can't appreciate things at face value


except for the part where he answered no...


what cashier is doing algebra for work? a cashier barely needs to be able to do basic addition and subtraction. most don't even need that as your pos literally does all the math for you.       source: 4+ years being a cashier throughout high school and college. never once did algebra at work unless i was doing homework on the job.


jheez even legaladvice? wow... people have gone to new lows


this is also what progressives ironically vote for.


destroyed.


we need a word that is super insulting that describes low intelligence that also isn't offensive to anyone but the person being insulted.


i c u r a man of klchr as well


i loved the one on the left in beyond the valley of the dolls


sure but who gets a receipt from someone fencing goods? ya gotta prove a. you bought that item from them b. said item was stolen c. they (the fencer) knew or should of known.


right?  do they think a man isn't a mammal because he doesn't produce milk for young?


ah, dragons in skimpy negligees, but never actually sitting on the bed.


coupta under threat by viraat hindus


they are. if you zoom in really close to their profile pic, it's two white dudes slightly covered by the pride flag.      edit: maybe they're white. the guy on the left makes me think he may be more light skinned indian or something. either, way, they were still schooled.


do i want to know where you got your flair?


well he has the ability to push anything to the top due to his followers and probably his bots/bought likes. so it's a problem anywhere.


all i'm saying is that person isn't looking to speak with actual children, which was the previous comment's misguided accusation. i made no statement concerning his/her/its mental health.


contrapoints stans give their favourite quotes about mommy


accidentally


you've never played vanilla hoi3 and vicky2 i guess.      vanilla vicky 2 was a trainwreck, but launch hoi3 was something else. shit performance and the whole game just could not stop breaking.


nah just one isp, maybe two.  


randia simulation ka flair to lagao


>agreed. things like this will make us lose votes to the right wingers. especially as the kids were turkish and the article tries to paint them as bulgarians. right wingers will eat that up as dishonest journalism.       [relevant norm joke.]([URL]


removed, no quote, no score, rule 6. feel free to resubmit with a *direct* quote of the comment and how many points it has.


any comment relating to the fact that a) they are all support mains in solo q, or b) they are mid diamond, got removed.       its pretty sad


what does she smoke?


condratictory statement is contradictory.


i have a question for op (if this isn't a repost) how can you look at that font all day?


[URL]      posted a video from a crash in karnataka claiming its a video of the indian jet paf shot down.      in the video there's a man with a thick kannad accent


jussie smollett charged with disorderly conduct


you can only take one in your raft at a time.


he didn't make a miscarriage joke, or a joke about women that can't be pregnant, so none of that was even remotely relevant.


the demand for racism is outweighing the supply again


you were their hero, and i'll never be able to explain to them why you didn't think i was worth loving, and why they were so easy for you to use as pawns against me. i'll never be able to explain how broken you are, and that it wasn't them, and isn't me that made you do what it is you are doing to them. we're all broken in this world. we are all screwed up. the only thing that distinguishes us from one another is that some of us are brave enough to try and face who we are, in order to change for the better. i'll never be able to make them not hurt when they think about you. you won't ever be able to undo what pain you caused them, and me, out of your own fear and desperation to heal yourself. you can find a new wife, and take new kids under your wing. you can get that education degree, and lead the youth of the world. you can be everyone else's hero in the whole world. you can blame me for all of it, you can justify every action, but you won't *ever* escape the demons that haunt you. the ones in your heart that get louder any time you allow the anger to fade. the ones that will always remind you that there are 2 children who you failed. the 2 that were your favorite on this earth. the 2 who believed you were their hero in life, that trusted you implicitly, who *knew* you'd always put them first. you shattered their hearts, and changed their lives forever. it won't matter how many more you help. you failed the ones who would have been there for you forever. the 2 that mattered most to you. you will always know what horrors you are capable of carrying out, so you will forever doubt if you can ever do better. you will always know that you used your own children as weapons to hurt a person who never meant to hurt you. a person you loved. you may tell yourself lies on the surface, you may convince yourself that you did the best you could.... but you will *know.* everything you achieve, every commendation you receive, every time a person sings your praises, it will be overshadowed by your regret. because underneath all those justifications, lies a little boy who is terrified of what he has become.


i didn't. i actually think the last sentence is the least bad because they're not comparing pokémon to nazis like op seems to think, they're comparing the process of brainwashing they think they both use. which would be fair, if their initial statement wasn't so wrong. but it is. pokemons marketing doesn't brainwash kids into thinking they're alone.


or just call you a russian bot


i sincerely hope you don't think you are above me by questioning my age and pulling this shit.      you sound like a beta preteen.


in an alternate universe weird al is writing a parody of "jessie's girl" called "jussie's bail."


his own little brigade


oh i'm quite sure they have an excellent system for deciding how to number the new updates.       it just doesn't excuse the fact that it's needlessly complicated.


you've disrupted my thoughts for a while. each time it happens, my mind melts. its dominated by thoughts of you. it's like an attack, one i can't fight. i can't sleep or otherwise function. i can't deal with it 90% of the time. i just have to let it pass and hope it doesn't come back when i'm at my most vulnerable.      and i resent you for it.      you ruined about 90% of my music playlist. i can only listen to songs with neutral themes and no mention of love or romantic relationships. i have no clue how i failed to notice that romance was the main theme for a while in music history. but there it is and you plague it along with my thoughts.      and i resent you for it.      sometimes i wonder why we're even friends at this point in time.      maybe its because i still think i have a chance. but you yourself said you didn't want it because of distance and other drama at that time in your life. i let it go. you're your own person. that's fine. be with whoever you want. and yet you're keeping me as a friend in spite of how i feel. you know how i feel. and yet you're keeping me around for... what? validation that life keeps dealing you a shit hand and you can't handle it without getting another person to agree with you? maybe you value me for some reason? maybe you're keeping me around for some unfathomable reason, i dunno. whatever the case... i think its malicious. i can't even tell anymore.      and i resent you for it.      i'm trying to move on with life and you made my journey damn near impossible. i couldn't even date others without dealing with the thoughts of you.      and i resent you for it.      you should've let me go the moment you told me someone took advantage of your newly single status. you didn't let me go. you know how i felt. sure, i would've been hurt and in pain, but i wouldn't have been in as much pain as i am right now. you seem happy and you didn't even see what i saw when you told me you had someone new. you knew them for a shorter time than anyone else and suddenly they're your new someone? you're a hypocrite.      and i resent you for it.


[URL]


the funny thing here is that people were protesting the restaurant because the owner was using funds to support anti-gay rights groups, but i believe the owner stopped that practice because of the protesting. now, it's just hearsay, but i'm not sure the original owner is even charge anymore. i had heard that he turned it over, but i could be wrong.      the point is that chick-fil-a doesn't fund political groups anymore so i say we eat chicken tendies and move on.


> i am constantly amazed at the blatant double standard      the t_d quarantine was purely political. the fact that people cover their eyes and say "it was due to calls for violence" are being willfully ignorant.       it's pretty sad that the dnc or whoever can get the social media companies to do their bidding. but yeah, that's not election interference right?


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      **[rule 4b]([URL] do not post really serious shit.**      > tia is not a place for raising everyone's collective blood pressure, sending people into a blood-soaked rage, or going full tumblr on a tragedy; super-serious material does not belong here. take it to /r/socialjusticeinaction, or one of the other serious subreddits.      ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


do not respond to dms. they can easily be shown as "proof" and taken out of context.


is the "absolute fucking walnut" insult from ramsey? i thought it had tumblr origins but my knowledge of memeology is less and less over time


hey mudi whaut ezz your problem


>sorry to anyone who don't know this, but the rise of so-called "populism" you see on the right is a rise of fascism, read a book      r e a d a b o o k


>dawww, look he's trying to get his bullshit spread on another **sub.**          i'd really consider using a plural there my dude.           there is something about those quotes that i think deserves to be seen and considered by certain portions of your increasingly confused  userbase. since posting this stuff earns one a perma ban in your pro free speech subreddit, i figured i'd  take the message to places where posting it won't mean a perma ban for the op. ideally in some sub kia posters, too, like to visit.          i'm glad i found something where kia mods and their community can stand united at least. if somebody drops by to tell you how actual, self proclaimed nazis and far right radicals see your community, you are very much united in attacking the person bringing the news.              stormfront admins, alt-right influencers have been welcome to participate in kia for years. pointing out how stormfront admins, alt right influencers and other far-right elements feel about your subreddit? that's an insta ban tho.      ooh, somebody who moderates kia and subredditcancer? nice, i'm glad you take moderation seriously and feel you have much to give to so many different communities. thank you for your service.  


lmao yeah i know :(


this is democrats' master interrogation strategy. "yes or no yes or no"


imagine thinking hoi4 is more complex than eu4.


i figured they paid the bull to build the shed as a bonding experience with their wife's son. the bull shops at hd.


op is very angry about mtx. he has a meltdown and proceeds editing all of his comments


i want to blow the fuckhole of a dolphin.


try putting u/ in front of it.


say the originals better than the us version, at least give me that.      fawltly towers, extras, black mirror, monty python, blackadder and the crown were all great. i'd say they do pretty good per capita.


>moan-vrat abhi bhi petty politics me laga hai.      idk why he's still defending, classic jon snow wala case hai. which is not a virtue in my opinion. and the less said the better.      >bichare ki zara si bhi izzat nhi rehne denge ye vultures.      apni izzat apne hath mein, master of own destiny. aise victim banke kaise chalega aap batao, after some point you have to own up and take responsibility. right or wrong.       letting the pm office get taken advantaged of by such people, (whatever the circumstance) maybe for 1 years, 2 years. but for two terms?       and in the end, he expects his clean history and credentials to act as an armor and protect him against any criticism. in what reality does he live in?


a shavette is a straight razor strictly, but a straight razor is often taken to mean a cutthroat.  a shavette is the same form factor but takes half a safety razor blade.  much cheaper and much less maintenance.


steve was a big part of my childhood growing up, he was fucking amazing. still sad he died.                 rest in peace you beautiful cunt.


no cause it could be skewed or a joke. joke comments get lots of upvotes


honestly these were.pretty funny, till about the last ones where they started bein kinda spiteful


this asshole needs to be tossed in jail assuming everything we're being lead to believe is indeed true. i understand everything looks to be that way also, just need to make sure ala these morons who decried a hate crime before any investigation had been done.


fuck the king, long live the lord protector.


goodbye r/drama. before i go, here is a top secret video of the mods i found. honestly, i hope i get banned.


this is like a flat earther getting mad at an anti-vaxxer for not respecting their point of view.


*i'm a female tho*   there i said it!   *sirens in distance


> when you're dealing with shady af individuals, shady things go down.      and thus spoketh the lord


you wouldn't have sex with her? i don't want her involved in important decisions, but i think she's "pretty hot, tom."      hat tip, [URL]


i'm constantly amazed at the hills people are willing to die on during an argument.


keeps the jizz smell more localized.


i'm not sure what the restaurant policy is over there, but showing off that much customer info to the world, because your feelings got hurt, will get your ass canned almost anywhere. assuming, this is all true. if it's not, then it's even worse.


i no good with numbers      how many tastys you chompin


you brought up something that has been a sore spot for me for many years. i've personally brought up my illness somewhere near the early stages of my relationship when i felt i had the intention to stay long term and i had a procedure coming up that pertained to it. i have a lot of doctor appointments, a lot of procedures and complications that come with it.  it is not his responsibility to know every road block that steps in the way of my healing. my health can be a huge emotional burden.       not many people are able to compartmentalize a partner's wellness and happiness. it's something that has weighed on me and took several years for me to come to terms with. i do not want to give my partner that job at my current relationship status (1 year in). i will not give him the same emotional burden i go through if he's not sharing my home. it is my healing, my health and my heavy responsibility to bear.


nobody's posting on that sub for dates, they're doing it for karma.


commisar cletus and commisar tyrone gonna fuck their gated communities up.


so the irish are privileged because they're white? alright, let's not talk about literal history.


[they really aren't sleeping with this one]([URL] seems like i stepped on some people's toes.


hmmm... their audience is mostly children.  i think you have a point there, sir.


i looked at tht place for the first time earlier today and noped out immediately.   those are some of the crappiest fake stories i've ever seen.  


sounds like bill maher's argument


anon gets lucky


pika pika is the new heil hitler.


and saris can be spectacularly scanty. esp the types the maadus and punjus wear


hannibal 2 electric bugaloo


hahahahaha


wants sanghi validation for whatever shit that she does.


how does raichu fit into this?


georgian bay, is beautiful, keep your memories and start your own cottage tradition, rent cheap to start. unfollow cousins


haha if they looked past dynasty this guy had chances to be pm, and congress would never be in opposition in the first place.       but paisa ka chakkar babu bhaiya


how is this mod drama


now this is the wholesome nerd drama i need more of. when sometimes the most important thing in the world for these two people is figuring out whose pokemon strategy is correct.


oh no, people by default find you incredibly attractive. i feel so bad for you.


everyone should submit to unjust and unfairly enforced laws says the cth user [+67] - /r/aww


depp is pretty out there himself, so it's a pairing that makes sense.      as for elon, he's obviously a massive status chaser, so dating "the hottest woman in hollywood(tm)" was a big draw for him.


tangrowth is ou tier, now.


just imagine how miserable her life must be in her constant state of being offended...


i'm from a city east of atlanta and currently live in the midwest.  i have heard more n-words here than i ever did down south.  most people here have maybe met a handful of minorities in their entire life meanwhile down south my high school was half white and half black.


>any other questions?      a few, actually


i can accept it because nothing exactly discredits it. but i don't like the constant updates like "this is this that is that yadayadaalqueda


sombra doesn't look that different to me, if anything then she probably just look pale out of surprise (like in anime when the colors disappear).      could anyone do a side-by-side? and maybe an edit where the skin tones are maybe the same as color as the official pictures?


p*do is an offensive slur, and as such, i have reported your comment for hate speech. please use the more appropriate term "minor attracted person" in the future.


lets boycott a company because someone made a personal donation to orange man.


right, my opinion is the same regardless of sexuality, i don't want to see gays nor straights doing that shit in public. i get that i am rather conservative in a lot of ways and others aren't and that's fine. i just feel that bedroom shit should be saved for the bedroom and not for public consumption, regardless of orientation. but, as with all things, the loudest voices get the most attention, and thats the banner that gets wrapped around us all. we fought for years to remove the "gay men want to fuck little boys" and then here comes the pedo acceptance people. it's tiresome, and frankly i am just done with all of it. i was fine with civil unions which we could have had ages ago, but some just had to have the word marriage and now that's a whole thing. i didn't care about the word, i cared about being taxed the shit out of because as far as the law was concerned i was room mates with my hubby and we made a shit ton of money separately and uncle sam was way deep in our pockets.      sorry, kinda got into a ranty blog post, it's been a fucked up couple of months so yea lol


well said


we shouldn't kill all rapists, but if a rapist turns up dead i'm not complaining.


i haven't played pc games regularly in like a decade, so let me just get this straight: the big issue is that it's sold in another online store?


i don't complement them. i have been on that subreddit since r started. that mod is on a power trip.


reddit auto removes the joe biden spoof campaign site without informing anybody.


nah like i consciously knew these people exist. and i've seen em first hand usually in first year social science/gen ed classes but usually not this outwardly dumb. like 7 other people thought "yep i'm sure this random dude on the internet knows more about 9 seperate fields than basically everyone whose devoted their lives to studying them. of course it's rational to think that some random dude debunked decades and centuries of science with the sheer power of his mind"         i mean assuming the dude was fairly rational at some point he had to have taken some classes in these fields right? so did he just assume that because he didn't have to study to get a b- in gen ed sociology that he debunked the field? did he ask leading questions trying to "prove" their professor didn't know what they were talking about and was shut down and that's why he thinks he debunked *entire fields*? did he just never ask any questions and assume that he was smarter? why did he "study" so many fields? why just these social science? is he smart enough to debunk all these but economics and history are valid? what are the differences between the ones he liked and the ones he doesn't? *how* would he study 8+ fields well enough that he felt he has a basic grasp of it let alone enough knowledge to again *completely debunk centuries worth of research* just because he felt like it. so many questions


so... what if you're a gay poc who happens to identify as a cis man?


i just signed to her channel a few weeks ago but haven't had time to watch much, do you happen to know the title off the top of your head?


sad part is there is some decent advice sprinkled in all that red pill "alpha" crap. i think either to look better against the really shitty stuff or makes it easier for some guys to gravitate to what they think is good self help stuff.


she was just trying to do her part to narrow the wage gap.  omg, are you really this scared of feminism?


epic post /b/ro


if drama gets banned all our lives will be immeasurably improved by it      we might even go outside


i distinctly remember him saying the line "you want a pickle? i'll give you a pickle!" as he was assaulting a member of the afoot clan behind the counter of a food stand in the subway, so... your guess is as good as mine.


>i think you're the racist for assuming they're black      [[URL]             reddit really is garbage.


hey want to go see a band with me and sleep in the same hotel room after ;) - very normal and non sexual and non creepy way to ask a girl out on a first date


i'd support doctor to patient billing assuming that means cutting out insurance as the middle man.      the problem is that's s pipe dream. insurance is making a killing off the current healthcare system and, unfortunately, what there doing isn't illegal. the only that'd work is if we, the consumer said no. the government wouldn't be able to legislate that without becoming authoritarian about it.


this doesn't make any sense


we all do. forwards at a speed of one hour per hour.


sooo, what did they lie about?


> we don't get defensive! that's not true. stop lying! we don't.      oh hi mark


and despite making up only 13% of the population...


the progressive brotherhood


google open society grant recipients.


this post was made by diverse gang


right? apparently providing median numbers instead of "yes/no" was too hard


ban them from getting arrested that's still racist.


slow and pure fire and physically frail (and not great special either).       a not at all winning combination.


if you don't care about the issues i care about you're a bad person because my morals are the only right ones


pretty amazing tbh. literally anyone in the world can start a website, and yet not a single conservative-leaning group has managed to make even one popular mainstream website ([this]([URL] is as close as they got).      we've been focused on blue-check "journalists" but maybe we should have been spamming learn to code at all the conservathots and alex jones types all along...


it's like white flight or gentrification, literally can't win.


[spoiler] one piece trans character reveal leads to drama and mod sticky on the main page


sounds like my latest campaign in crusader kings 2


sister wives is a trainwreck i can't look away from.  lol


the song is about how someone made a mistake and doesn't want to die.


i'm sorry who are the fascists again?


it's a podcast about three guys talking shit and making irreverent jokes and one of them is funny.      they know the guys behind chapo trap house irl and the two podcast share a some listeners , though those who listen to ct are usually more anti iidpol, like the people in stupidpol or the kind of redditors you'd see on cth a couple years ago.


i'm super interested to hear what qanon had to say about jussie!


they were still leftist. fair is a bit of a stretch. less crazy is more accurate.


made by anti hindu netflix. everyone should unsubscribe after the shit they pulled with sacred games,ghoul and now this. too fucking much,i just unsubscribed


she was starving obviously


so they'd much rather serve the megacorporations?


this is a valid point.       it's more like       i love this white actor who's been playing a hero but i won't watch movies where white actors play heroes who save *poor helpless* non-white people from danger/natural disaster/villain.


no i dont lime it at all


if we put them in prison it will only make them want to rape even more. true justice is restorative.


pepperidge farm remembers!


maybe instead we should say "following the teachings of someone with schizophrenic delusions". it's the fact that someone is suffering from delusions at that specific time that makes them unreliable.


nobody who pays into social security or medicare is paying into their own fund, they're paying into the people already collecting. that's how it's always been.      entitlements are pyramid scheme.


i think naruto was at it's best before the time jump. the earlier parts of akatsuki were really good, but i think it got weird around the pein arc. that's where i started to get bored at least.


they'll just move on to whining about whatever the next right wing sub is.


it's their way of saying "whites need not apply"


you're regard for humanity is much higher than mine.


wow, the "proof" is the most purposefully bad photoshop i've ever seen. i want to say "who would be dumb enough to believe that", but, well, we already know.


man r/movies drama is great.        most of the post there devolve into arguments about nothing.


it must suck not to love yourself for the entirety of who you are


this tbh


man... i understand what it's like to have a bigger budget for food now and spending a little more than is reasonable (a relief after years of $80/month budget), but how the fuck do you spend $16+ on one person every day for a month? do you literally never cook your own food?


i never wore a seat belt in my life and i'm still alive! seat belt laws are bullshit!


i have known a xaiden


when you're a randikhaana scum and you see nda getting 300+ even on your favorite news channel.


epic logic bomb.


bruh


yeah, especially legaladvice. i saw a post not long ago from a guy bragging about feeding them complete bullshit and about how they just ate it up.


he's gonna be out in less than 5 hours


mmmmmmmmmm!!!  delicious cope fellow redditor!


really? why? i thought it was above average for how bad of a track record those marvel shows have


the patriarchy, that must be why men constantly walk into each other. i feel like i'd take that particular social theory more seriously if they didn't find the most bullshit ways to apply it.


remove `\` from before the `[` of every link and they will work properly.


white people think they're the same too now because they're predominantly from america. nobody hates the irish anymore or anyone of eastern european descent if their accent is american, but they haven't always even been considered white.       it's just factions coalescing. most of these brown people and black people were born here at this point, by far the majority were. they aren't indians or africans, they are americans and they are brown, or black. this has been how americans behave throughout history, beginning with white people, and we assimilate better than anyone.


while that pedo sub is still up


giv picc


agreed.


what's up with austria and extreme evil?


what would be your reaction to a group of 12 year olds arguing with you in a hall about how to do your job. then about something too complex for them to understand while being recorded with the specific intention of putting her into a pressured position to look bad.      if her grandkids did that to her id hope shed act the same, its rude as fuck


the us is the longest lasting powerful government in the world at 200+ years old. our country works better than all others currently. although it may serve as a lesson in entitlement spending in the future.


literally *them*


even if so, that's horseshit. both antifa and ngo (i assume) are not unlikely to be featured in multiple stories in a given day.


when their new album came out, black tumblr went on and on about how gorillaz is only for poc and yt can't touch it.      dude, it was created by a white man.


were it not for animal testing and medicines, ingrid would be dead. just sayin..


what do you think of people who call things "cancer"?


it's kind of exhausting to have a 4 hour daily lineup of "i hate republicans" themed comedy shows.


thats kinda pathetic


i am. i'm sorry you had to go through that, that sounds terrifying. i hope you're doing better now.


i saw a video today where he basically said "whenever animals lash out at me, it's my fault, because i did something to make them feel threatened"


anon you can do it. dethrone that person and claim all of the glory. become the chosen one.


we owe them care.  i don't think anyone has issues with that.


we will all die soon anyways thanks to global warming ao what the hell, just speed the process up.      not that i habe the power to throw nukes anywhere anyways so no need to care.


???      they're both light-hearted jokes then, because nothing about the reply shows any agressiveness or even the they're offended. they're both jokes on racial stereotypes, none of them seem like they're purposely being offensive to me.


the story of the greatest generation is not unlike that of job


>sol      shit outta' luck


yeah, you can call people nigger, kike, spic or any other slurs/swears on reddit posts but not in dms for some reason. have always found it kind of odd, lol.


note taken. they permanently banned me, i'm assuming for this post.


r/peakwest


yup. he could also swim in lava. i'm kinda curious if op is deluded enough to think so.


it's called group polarization. the anonymity as well as the quantity of users (more users -> more arguments for a view and that view also seems more popular -> more group polarization) makes it worse on the internet than irl.


same shit with nike! like whatever, don't spend your money somewhere if you have beef with their owners or company culture or whatever. but don't sit there and smugpost about how you're sticking it to the man, *maaaan*


damn i just lost 15mins diving down that rabbithole.             hey look it's lunchtime!


he's not quite a mary sue because one of the hallmarks of a mary sue is that they can do no wrong, and naruto deals with most people hating him for shit that happened when he was a baby until he beats pain, but after that he's a full blown mary sue for sure.


r/humblebrag


democracy tricks thousands of people into thinking the vote is the beginning and end of their political power when true power lies in and always has been in political activism.    the rich and the well-educated know this, and the vote basically just acts to appease the lower classes, and absolve public officials of responsibility, because, after all, you voted for this.      not saying the vote does not matter mind you, just that the choice of official means little. in the words of the norwegian political scientist stein rokkan:   >votes matter, but resources decide.


and of course creepypms bans people who call out obvious fake stories.      that sub used to be good before all the *"listen and belive"* rules let low effort fakes run wild.


and how does the libertarian government enforce this?


this really ain't it chief.


i'm studying a general broad psychology degree right now (so classes in a bit of everything) and the feeling i've always gotten when we've discussed evolutionary psychology is that it currently gets a bit of a side-eye from the different psychological fields for much the same reason freudian style psychoanalysis does. they're both pretty unverifiable. they are how they are because they are.       for example, an evolutionary psychological explanation for getting (sometimes) different outcomes between sexes in spatial/language tests runs along the lines of maybe that's because historically, men needed better spatial skills because they roamed further to hunt while women needed better language skills to mediate conflicts that, as the generally smaller sex, could be fatal for them if they escalate. it's a nice simple theory that makes superficial sense but it can never move past theory because there's simply no way to gather evidence to support it. it's also somewhat reductionist, which is always a warning sign with psychology that something is hinky. if a theory or the outcome of a study doesn't come with at least a dozen caveats, it definitely doesn't encapsulate more than a tiny segment of humanity.


old one but a "good one". "i don't know why people like clint anymore. after american sniper (among other things like that chair incident) he's a piece of shit." [+18] the other comments are also a goldmine.


it's a dick move but it is kind of an intetesting power move.


>elect a king      what is this, medieval denmark?


dafuq is dhimmi? koi buddhist sect hai kya?


i don't use gab (same reason i don't use twitter) ... but i have to wonder what the comments are like in dissenter for article lol!


the blog is free. i don't make any pennies from it.


for everybody in the room, this woman let it be known that she doesn't play about you looking at her man! she will take extreme measures to protect him from your gaze.


you may not like the cops. but i have yet to see anyone come up with a viable replacement for them.


this is why filing a false police report is a crime. the enormous time and resources used by police are wasted on fake crimes, while real crimes go unsolved.


**intersex**      intersex people are individuals born with any of several variations in sex characteristics including chromosomes, gonads, sex hormones, or genitals that, according to the un office of the high commissioner for human rights, "do not fit the typical definitions for male or female bodies". such variations may involve genital ambiguity, and combinations of chromosomal genotype and sexual phenotype other than xy-male and xx-female.intersex people were previously referred to as hermaphrodites or "congenital eunuchs". in 19th and 20th century medical literature, intersex was referred as true hermaphroditism, female pseudohermaphroditism, and male pseudohermaphroditism reflecting the first taxonomic efforts to classify intersex conditions. these terms are no longer used: terms including the word "hermaphrodite" are considered to be misleading, stigmatizing, and scientifically specious.      ***      ^[ [^pm]([URL] ^| [^exclude ^me]([URL] ^| [^exclude ^from ^subreddit]([URL] ^| [^faq ^/ ^information]([URL] ^| [^source]([URL]   ^]   ^downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28


your parents sound like huge douche-eaters i'm sorry to hear that. sounds like u need to gtfo of that situation and go to college. i hope ur somewhere like here in canada where education is kind affordable


not pitbull bussy


lots of them


a kilo of pasta is something that can't be lived down


it's not always removed: [URL]


so far from what i've heard it's good special effects and okay everything else. pretty standard if this was a phase 1 mcu movie.       i'm skipping this one not because of misogyny or because of larsen. movies are expensive and i would much rather throw money at the lego movie 2 and i have 0 attachment to the character.


didn't get much press but: [URL]


hoho, for it was a fermented diabetic piss ruse.


jonathan capehart calls out redditor for trying to correct his unethical journalism, by insulting them. he then deletes comment


at least you have time to raise your mmr you ranklet


some, but not the level that is generally intended when talking about stem. it's finance/business, and while numeracy is important, it only goes so far.


hi, i also had depression for about 3~ years now, i stopped getting professional help because the medications didn't help. your'e right, depression is something you need to learn how to live with, as for me i just "experiment", some days i'll try to surrond myself with friends and some days i'll isolate myself to see if it makes me any better. im at the peak of adolescence and its so hard, the days are just gray, my mood changes every moment , i dont know who i am and almost dont get any satisfaction from gaming, i stopped doing sports, class is boring, i don't trust anyone and i cut off relationships with almost all of my close friends. its pretty f***ing hard but i keep going on. dont say you are not worth other people's time, you sometimes just feel like pouring all your thoughts and feelings and its normal. you are not alone and i wish you the best. just hold on.


let's go to bangladesh. then come back with nakli ration card. that's the only way to save the county


what? that can't be real.....


yeah, i imagine it's got to do with having multiple fixes to every update that adds onto the base game, but i don't want to google it, because i still think it's insane! lol


yes, several


lmao


why would you run guillotine and fissure


because i don't want to have sex with them.


come to brazil


i don't like 4chan that much.


it's super fun though.


curb and a few seasons of always sunny.


prob her: [URL]


yeah i like the original better than the american one, too. but the american wasn't bad either, just not as good.


i would be astonished and baffled at a lot of stuff too if i made shit up that didn't match reality.


no idea! they love discussing whether they took their husband's last names for some reason.


> unfunnier than the usual cj sub       that is literally impossible, so i'm gonna need you to stop spreadin' fake news, hun'.


hey guys check out our new channel and subscribe!!! uploading some new challenge videos tonight featuring our sexy self's. so subscribe, hit the bell so you get our notifications and share comment like. you know the drill.


dude was fired like a year ago by this company and then supposedly received this on insta. the other stuff (the death of his father etc) is just to make you feel worse.


i hate political threads on this sub because they have so many serious posters


not just that though. the issues with work are just a symptom of a lack of overall fulfillment.    it could be good to find a part time job while bolstering life outside of work.   when we have something to look forward to, we can navigate the grind with more ease.


it ended five years ago, jesus christ. it's so weird to see active subs for things that have long since passed.


yep. block. do not respond.      "harassment" bans can only happen via pms or chats. you cannot get that suspension on a subreddit, as the governing bodies meant to handle harassment in public like that are the sub mods.      like i said, this is actually my *second* go-around with this. my first time it wasn't even a power user or anyone connected, but someone who was harassing me and starting brigades against me in highly toxic circlejerk subreddits **that the person owned**.      he was harassing *me* in pms, and **i** got suspended "for harassment" for 3 days when he had reported me. was i kind to him? well, no. i was getting harassed both publicly *and* privately. i had no reason to be kind to him.      the problem is "harassment" can't be claimed when you're initiating and continuing contact with the person in the first place.


it obviously means he studied it twice just to be sure.


backstory?


science is a process, not a body of knowledge. there are people working in healthcare that are involved in science, but the majority are just applying the principles of medicine. which isn't less than science, it's just different.      example of the distinction, the national academies of the united states are broken up as the national academies of sciences, engineering, and medicine.


turn 720 and walk away


fuck 'em, i guess.


everyone move aside, silversparrow wants a snack!


boo get a new shtick


nope watched a live broadcast of the police superintendent saying the evidence they have on him they were willing to share. one of which is the check. can't make this shit up.


is there a good summary anywhere of all of the facts of the case?  what's the general unbiased consensus so far?


they are, who else do you think is getting offended at jokes about british people


they complain about them being, maybe, one shade paler than they are canonically yet they also draw deku from bnha so dark he looks like one of those racist dolls kids owned back in the early nineteen hundreds, ironic


i think they should be gang raped right back as a punishment


anon is persistent [nsfw]


is wpd still technically up there?


nice to meet you too. you never got anything from me because i don't run the sub. i handed it over early on. i was talking about the original mods. i'm a member like everyone else since then. i put my opinion on your post. i did think at that point the post was overkill because the other sub had been made already. people were pissed and looking to start even more drama which is what happened.


liking japan without being a weeb? now that's honorable.


i think the plastic ones are meant to be used with a shaving cream, just like the spoon-like piece of plastic. tho i hate the cream, it smells and just using razor and skin care balm does so much better job at getting rid of the hair. for me, atleast.


>yes. i have no friends and most of my family doesn't speak to me. i'll probably die alone.         shocking..


yes i am. i'm in and out of internet connectivity right now.


redditgaumutra


im 2nd page top all time on this sub because i posted the first thread about this      racist perfectly


alexa, play mandir wahin banayenge


did you know that fortune cookies are made from dead cats?     


you take that back.  i'm a human being, no need for words as cruel as those.


no matter what 3 arrows shouldn't be banned right now. unless you want to be ideological inconsistent, he didn't advocate violence and so he should still have his platform. we all need voices from both sides for a health discussion.


once my peepee got a fungal infection cause i've jerked a lot and didn't wash my hands. waited for a few weeks but things only got worse. went to an urologist, but there were not one but two women. yeah that bad.          never forget


net neutrality? killed 800 million people.      gun control? killed 800 quadrillion people.      climate change? killed 800 octodecillion people.


as you should be


the reason we need pinging back 385 (with special guest annarchist!)


it started becoming evident in the 80s (the 60s kids were old enough now to get into teaching/admin roles) and has been progressing slowly but steadily forward since.


they are both on my "favorites" too!


neither party has a platform to fix this particular problem. the problem is that the last year or so was particularly bad for billing disputes between hospitals and insurance companies. we have mediation sessions to let the patient, hospital, and insurance company negotiate coverage. however, medicare and medicaid recipients obviously can't partake in these because their coverage is set in stone by the government. there's nothing you can negotiate. giving medicare for all, as some of the posters suggested, would not in any way address this problem. it would prevent everybody from being able to negotiate better coverage with their insurer because now their insurer is a set of mandates and not an autonomous company capable of bending rules whenever it feels comfortable doing so.       edit: went ahead and read over the comments again. i made a stupid mistake and assumed any of the posters were responding to the actual contents of the article. i guess that happens when you take the time to read things yourself instead of vomiting party-line nonsense.


honk honk


doctor-to-patient billing?


you're literally creating a being who's going to die. that's murder


i have it downloaded.


[morre bansi bajaiyya]([URL]


exactly! or you write a response saying thank you  then start to worry you should write more, but you're too exhausted and end up deleting everything.


another embarrassing showing by dramas finest powerusers


[URL]


reeeeeepost


there's a bar in this area that used to sell "crack fries." they were called that because they were addictive and made with cracked pepper.      a bunch of white kids from the local college called it racist, staged a bunch of protests, and got the company to change the name to "cosmic fries."      a decade earlier, another batch of white kids from that same college did the exact same thing to force a chain of coffee stores to change their name from "beaners" to "bigbys."


how much do you wanna bet the guy posting this isn't even catholic?


(


no, you don't understand where i'm coming from.


yeah i actually am, my mistake.


if you live your life comparing yours to everyone else's, you will end up displeased everytime. the time will come.


this


apparently someone convinced my coworker's fiancé to try it and he made it like 3 weeks before the diarrhea, indigestion, and general shitty feeling made him stop. he's not a peterson-follower himself, but he works in a field that has a lot of those types.


satan buried dinosaur fossils so we would question our faith.


i say if he knew who did it (a friend of his) and doctored his phone records to throw the police off the trail that's a hoax.  i am confident a jury would agree.


there are jobs that females and males will have discrepancies towards one side, but that usually comes down to biology. for instance there will likely be more males working in tough manual labor.


who is closing?


users in /r/relationship_advice argue over whether sperm doners will be made to pay child support. could the law be changed retroactively?


>aita for giving my concert ticket to another girl after my friend said she only wanted to go with me as "friends"?      unbelievably based


the capitalist hires someone to do this and then continues to take meetings, have lunches, do meaningless paperwork, and simply own the means of production. they are not a worker because they are not selling their labor, but make their living off ownership.


this man is a hair away from realizing what's wrong with mob rule.


that's a very simplistic way to put it... there is more than just the cut. all the criticism about epic is right. you can't ignore that and say "well they pay more so whatever". they could give 100% and technically be a charity and it wouldn't change anything about why epic store is disliked. not defending piracy, but this sub sometime tries to go too hard on the and-jerk that we end up looking stupid.


y'all


god damn libertarians and their willingness to leave people alone. we must change this by force.


ruusdheudhehsjcehdjuee      *epileptic fit kicks in*      duiedhhsisiehhsidisiajhxhshaixjdhs            (no offence to anyone with epilepsy, just for the post, sorry fellas :|)


so.... what about the indigenous men?


bhai randia me kohraam macha hua hai, get a bag of chips and enjoy the butt hurt comments.


ik replaced pak rupees with usd kya?


guarantee that this person doesn't have children


[source ]([URL]


i like girls with long hair


got someone who has been on du longer than me.


he's a mod on madlads, and i've seen him lock comments on his shitposts there after just an hour when the comments start to call out the shitpost.


memes of people the creator doesn't like that are strawmen so poorly drawn you can see the anger in every line.


kya be gatekeeper ki aulad.. kisiko superhero movie pasand hai to pasand hai.. tu batayega is sub layak hai ki nahi??


i know. i've been called a "homophobe" and "bigot" whenever i've brought up the problems within the lgbt+ sect. this sub might be the only place i can freely express these thoughts with some degree of freedom. most other subs on reddit would've just banned me.


honestly i'm surprised he even has a gf and on top of that she defends him


real talk


i think the op has the theory that pikachu is popular because it's always portrayed as being a faithful always-loyal companion. the theory is that since "everyone is sad and lonely", they've been brainwashed into loving pikachu because pikachu is portrayed as being an eternal friend.      further, they're arguing that this is similar to the way conspiracy-style communities recruit people. as that [flat-earther documentary on netflix]([URL] showed, a major recruiting point for 'crazy' groups is the companionship of a community. lonely people often gravitate towards these kinds of groups because they're more willing to accept outsiders, and are more tolerant of deviant behaviour.      that in itself is accurate, but using it to describe why people like pikachu is pretty crazy. people like pikachu because it's a cute critter, which is brave, fun to watch, and (usually) reminds us of our childhoods.


oh no they definitely won't.


aside from confused. what are you?


you can learn to flirt from r/tinder the same way to can learn filmmaking from watching uwe boll movies: what you're looking at is so terrible at everything, it a) helps you convince yourself you can do better and b) shows you mistakes you didn't even think were possible.


you posted a picture in /r/pics? what do you think this is, a subreddit for pictures???? --things assholes think


the funny thing is that it would be even worse for them because we all know most people aren't going to read the full report once it's released. but if they question mueller on capital hill you know everyone will watch his testimony so they'll get to hear in his own words how ridiculous this whole conspiracy has been. i desperately want this to happen.


yes because r/nhl is for nhl fans


their only problem was that dubbers signed it. they reauthorized it every year under obama.


as a dragon enthuasist, i can confirm.


hidden clue.  last ka modiji ka dialog solves one big mistry.  'aap jo meri alochana karte ho woh mere liye gold mine hai'.  pappu must have heard this and tried to make a joke.      'there is a machine (meaning modiji), ek side se alu dalo (he must have thought alu-chana and decided to drop the chana because that would be ridiculuous) aur doosri side se sona niklega (referring to gold mine mentioned by modi).  unfortunately for him, nobody got the joke or the reference.  rahul must be thinking how dimwitted we all are and how low our standards of humor are that we are not able to get any of his jokes.


> uk anon      > eu flag      that's what you get for living under a rock for two years


so he was pre mad he was gonna get canned for doing this was his motive   you should work for the fbi


the true insane people were in the comments all along.


/r/2007scape is rioting over the proposal of microtransactions via "partnerships" into their game. microtransactions are one of the core reasons that players initially left the original version of runescape.


>and sometimes they complain that it rehashed ideas from the old ones.      well, tfa *absolutely* did do that, but it was much less so in tlj.      >disclaimer: tlj is the best star wars movie according to me.      **and my axe!**  


ya i got a good question, how do you get flexible enough to suck your own dick that hard especially with it being so small?


but you'd figure people would speak out their 'worse' in anonymous contexts, instead of being extra subservient.      there has to be some mod-inflated numbers or something. so goddamn strange.


[his name is malcom]([URL]       ***p l a y  n i c e***


hey the wu clan ain't nothing to fuck with, well... unless you were wei, in which case they were fair game to fuck with.


so can we arrest black people for shootings without evidence, then?


imagine getting smacked in the face with a summer sausage.


wait, what the hell is this?


by 2,868,686 votes if i recall correctly.     


glaceon >


holy shit love me some tuna casserole! i think i'm hungry...


the drama on that sub is driving me nuts and it's the reason i joined reddit.


good news: pakistan is pregnant again..


damn white people and their *shuffles cards* ability to not overindulge.      wait...isn't that insulting to pretty much every non-white race because its saying only white people have self-control?      not to mention it's usually a joke referring to an inability to self-control so someone else needs to actively get involved.       edit: i can't english today, apparently.


like she could just buy a ticket herself. they act like expecting a free ticket is not the same as expecting someone to hand you free money.


hey gladiatorua! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * surplus popcorn.      due to a lot of stale politicized drama crowding out niche posts and dominating the front page, certain categories of drama face greater scrutiny and greater rates of removal.     your post fell into one of these categories and was not exceptional enough to be approved. see [here]([URL] for more information.       surplus drama categories include:      * racism drama   * gender wars   * social justice drama   * gun drama   * partisan pissmatches            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


nice score.


>"scotland. where if you don't like the current weather, just wait 5 minutes."      i don't want to get into the weather pissing contest, but this is an extremely common phrase. mark twain said it about new england, i've heard it from multiple people in multiple states. the weather changes frequently in many different areas.


directly going out asking to share a hotel room on the first date was dumb and basically forced her hand. you usually do not literally just proposition for sex on the first date. if he had just asked her to attend like a normal person in her own private hotel room she bought there probably wouldn't have been any issue and maybe something would have developed. the way he did it he threw too much on her initially.


yay the lolcow is here!


real talk


headphones use karna fir


missing and murdered indigenous women


there is literally no study that shows positive effects from beating children


its deconstructions for people who missed the actual joke of a deconstruction


if they are still fighting the civil war then they are fucked if the us gov couldn't in 150 years years crush dissent they'll never do it


yes.      he was arrested for trying to extort $20 million from nike.      he was also indicted on wire fraud, bank fraud, embezzlement, and some 30+ other financial crime charges.      ironically his suspected co-conspirator in the nike case is mark gregaros. who was jussie smollett' lawyer during his fake hate crime investigation.


what are we supposed to say then?


too ugly or disabled to be sexually desirable? no respect for you!      also, all bodies are beautiful and sex isnt everything.


nature isn't a wonderful, peaceful place, and anyone who thinks it is, is delusional. everything wants to kill you, the elements, other animals, diseases, ect. it doesn't inherently provide for you.       if you walk into a forrest expecting to gather plentiful food and clean water, you will die. the food you will find will taste terrible and take a ton of effort to gather or hunt enough of to actually be nourishing. the water will always be dirty and taste disgusting.      i get the appeal, it's a pretty place to visit. it's easy to embellish the peace and beauty when you don't see predators covered in the blood of their prey, or a rabid animal being painfully reducing to a brain dead mess.      be happy for human advancement. take pride in the machines we've build and the plentiful resources we've made for ourselves because nature doesn't care. it never has, and our advancement as a species has come inspite of nature, not because of it.


racial literacy = subscribing to american cultural views on race


also them: "no one is trying to ruin your life you conspiracy nut"


i saw a news report that said chicago pd are looking into seeing about if he's charged and found guilty, that he will be forced by the courts to pay for wasting time and resources, so there is a chance he could end up losing pretty much everything, all because of his stupidity


wait whats sol?


it always blows my mind that ben carson is like the most accomplished brain surgeon to ever live


tfw no big tiddy shoegaze gf


they can't come up with their own rhetoric.       they have to co-opt "if you want french collectivism, go live in france" and put a "no, u" on it.


umbreon >


that's why i love when in tournaments, pokemon like pachirisu end up scoring a victory. that was the most hyped up i've been in pokemon.


yet he still ended up creating a whole generation of people who get their news only from comedians. i had a friend who never paid attention to any damn thing happening in the world but he marathoned the daily show like crazy whenever he could. go figure he ends up with chronic tds after the election.


what?!?!1 yuo asked a question?!1!, how dare you!1!1! get downvoted you literal nazzy


thanks for that comment. i honestly appreciate and respect that perspective.


wait what? i always listen himesh reshammiya songs when we're going on a trip that involves that sections. best feeling when he sings so beautifully and you're turning 90° left and right


[URL]


i bet that boss was really pissed off


we really can't tell anymore. there are people who really do think like that.


this has been bugging me for such a long time. every time i see these posts i'm filled with sadness of the good old days, and anger of the fact those days are gone.      my grandparents owned a large chunk of and island with 4 cabins in georgian bay. this was their cottage, and their children and grandchildren were able to go up any time they wanted in the summer. and we did. my grandparents loved having everyone up, and everyone loved being up there. the big dock, the kayaks, the boat the grandkids could use whenever they wanted, the cool water, the beautiful sunsets, this place was heaven. when it was my grandparents cottage, their 3 kids were equal in how many times you could go up, the rules were the same, and everyone was welcome whenever they wanted.       everything changed when my grandparents passed away.      my grandfather had cancer which took over his body quickly. so while he was still alive he put the cottage on sale, and we all went up one more time. it was nice closure. we all said our goodbyes to this place that held so many memories in our hearts. and then my aunt and uncle decided to buy it. they promised everyone nothing would change, we could all go up whenever we wanted, etc. but that wasn't realistic. their kids, my cousins, have first dibs when it comes to going up. if their kids bring friends, there's no room for the other 2 families. if my aunt and uncle bring their friends, same thing applies. i don't have an issue with this, because it's their cottage. what i have an issue with is the constant stream of instagram stories and posts every weekend of them renovating cabins, photos of the sunsets, or photos of them relaxing on the dock. recently they posted a photo of them driving around in a boat that was so sentimental to my grandfather he never let any drive it. and there they were in bikinis and drinks sitting on the back driving it around. seeing all of this makes me upset. they have every right to enjoy their own cottage, but it's just insensitive of them to constantly post about their great weekends up there when the other 2 families who used to enjoy the same things only get to see it through a smartphone.      i just wish they would be able to enjoy their new cottage without having to show all of us how much fun they're having. without showing us how each cabin is now one child's mini house. how a cottage which could hold over 20 people can now only fit 8. i want to forget about this place, but i can't. i'm constantly being reminded of my grandparents and feeling huge waves of nostalgia.


>actually, i am the only one who cited sources (the congressional budget office).      oh my god, someone asks him for clarification on this and he links his comment where he said he had access to data as a congressional intern. like he's legitimately trying to pass off him saying he read some stuff as an intern as him *citing a source.* i can't tell if he's profoundly stupid or doing his best to come off as profoundly stupid because ... reasons.      edit: oh, so this guy is famously stupid on reddit?


lol the last gaping breathes of a dying empire


it makes my eye twitch that half his list could be summed up as "psychology" but he goes and talks about each perspective like they are their own fields.      take psych 201,  men's lib homie.


these mug shots are so realistic.


but what if your a virgin but not by choice?


i bet that these people would also complain that ramsay is pushing for awareness for the cruelty behind shark fin soup since it's a chinese delicacy. it's taking away a cultural tradition....! (obligatory /s, of course.)


dude that's the sex number lmao


or at least you will be golden when they flick the switch


literally half of the time in chapo they're dunking on liberals, think tanks, banks, democrats, liberals, tech bros, tech billionaires, liberals, woke capitalists, and the liberal media. like how could you be so fucking stupid as to write a comment like this. literally you just shove everyone to the left of hitler into the same mental box and can't differentiate.      what's your position on venezula btw? i would assume it is the exact same position of neoliberal globalist political parties, think tanks, investment banking firms, tech giants, and the mainstream media. but i'm sure you arrived at the position by yourself.


you mean the country that was founded to escape an oppressive government and to seek religious freedom?  yeah, those people wanted less government, not more.      meanwhile in socialist venezuela, they disarmed its citizens and their military is now running over desperate, starving protestors with tanks.  that is the logical conclusion of socialism -- it ends with misery every time its been tried, and no, scandanavian countries are not socialist.


they do give you a massive tell on that by rolling with ghandi being insanely omnicidal with nukes if his culture gets democracy


>depp has 87 surveillance tapes showing heard being abusive      does he?


unfortunately it looks as if you're attributing the second comment to me, but i didn't say that one. it seems like you have an interest in the conversation, and i thank you for your opinion. feel free to drop by and chat sometime when you visit campus. have a good day!


perfect! you clearly identify as a power plug, so you're golden!


this year is gunna be one of gaming's best years honestly, re2, dmc5, doom eternal, borderlands 3, hopefully we get news on death stranding as well.


now i have an excuse to kill myself.


but viraat hindus heavily outnumber the dhimmi ones. and also, we have modi & yogi now.


you never met someone who conflated the iliad with actual history?      it's not that different, and sadly, more common than you might think.


since ancient times


tbf it may be that he was going after the little boy bussy in an effort to extinguish toxic masculinity before it corrupted the child and poisoned society further.


whoa whoa whoa ... hold on there just a second point break.


looks better now. i'll re-approve it, but keep adding more if you see them, because its still kind of on the low side.


the privilege of pacifism


obviously marxism, sweetie


maybe he'd go to hollywood instead of washington.


ah, but what you aren't accounting for, is that the article is full of shit.


hair hats gotta hair hat


you don't deprive anyone of anything if you drink responsibly.       you steal from someone else when you pirate.       entirely different concepts.


alexa play " मंदिर वही बनाएंगे".


which means he is half white, so got at least 50% more privileges (i know, bad math on purpose) than full fledged black people!       /s


how would you not get bored after 10


listening to a sadist song? r/suicidewatch/


um, so black panther is almost exactly like cap. and at the end, wakanda decides to share it's technology with the rest of the world. does the point still stand or do we have a double standard?


every life has suffering and every life ends in death:


abortion, tubal ligation, vasectomy...anything could become offensive to someone who's not infertile by choice.


it's the reactionary version of /r/smugideologyman


seriously, what a weird fucking thing to do. they must be very busy with all the country fans lol.


well, if someone was being isolated that's bound to cause a reaction, isolating one from social supports can be quite detrimental.


not my patriarchy


look, the drama came here!      at least, a little bit


you can't go down from 1000 anymore, they changed it so it's the minimum


forsen1


i didn't get a cut, and frankly i could give two shits about anyone else besides myself.


pyrophobic


everyone on 4chan should be on a terrorist watch list


source?


r/ketoaf mod decides to "block [me] personally" without giving reasons for comment removal


i'm addicted to picking at the acne on my butt.


yeah. and the hilarious part is a lot of the times, these sjws aren't the race of the people they're trying to defend. like there was this one case of some creeps taking a picture from facebook of a little girl in a kimono, having a tea ceremony for her birthday party because according to her parents, she was into japan. people were shrieking about how this little kid who was maybe eight at most and her parents were racist. and then this japanese person from japan replied and pointed out that japanese people loved people of other ethnicities wearing kimonos and that they were even sold and gifted. even pointed out how respectful the little girl was being.      and i know if my friend since middle school who is chinese knew of people trying to act like white people eating chinese food was a bad thing, she'd be very confused and annoyed.


i only knew of dietemicious earth or however it's spelled. this seems like a similar principle to it.  my experience isn't on my own property. the college i attended dorms had a reoccurring (learned that later) issue. i just scrapped anything that didn't matter which was most things and ran any clothing i was keeping in the dryer for a few hours.


mississippi man pleads guilty in 'vote trump' church arson


wait i thought the final avengers movie was the end of capeshit


sorry daddy


they get it from mlp


would you like to join our cause?


i don't. well, not anything past return of the jedi. i like rlm predictions videos.


couldnt imagine a sexier room


you bust her?


what are you talking about? reddit hates china.


so it's okay a hate a group of people because under half of them have issues?


lawda word got famous after sacred games..


my business is my business, none of my business.


haan to chittha bhi to cheap-ass crack hi hota hai


silicon wala?


i don't have any colonies. can i still be a colonizer?!?


the same reason srd exists. there's something delightful about watching a trainwreck in progress.


i've never had the chance to watch the crocodile hunter, but i've heard a **lot** about steve irwin, and i am outraged that anyone could say something this foul.


they've been submitted as part of the evidence in his suit against her.       along with sworn statements from two police officers, 17 eyewitness statements, her testimony (under oath) from a previous case, where she admitted to violently attacking him several times, and footage of his severed finger being reattached.


i think this is a thought nobody is going to let go of until a few more years pass. awareness is very lacking for many things, going from rape arguments to differences in how depression and confessions of feelings are treated (for example a woman confessing for needing help often receives a different treatment from everyone nearby her compared to a male that is mocked for his weakness or kind of receiving a disgusted reaction, especially by the opposite gender).           i have received more or less the same answers you received, although in my case it was always forceful molestation. there is still this underlying thought from men that mostly see the other sex as a chance to be sexual with rather than human beings first, but not when without them, mostly with strangers or friends or acquaintances. i think in a few years things will change, and hopefully the awareness of rape being a general problem, depression and sadness being top priorities to fight along obesity as cause of death, will progress once and for all.


brain blast!


being furry is a fetish.      change my mind


hey jt_diamond! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * you used a biased title or write-up.       remain as neutral as possible when creating a submission. a good title and write-up catches attention without making untrue statements or implying a certain side is in the wrong.            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


what if i'm only downvoting the lolcows to get a reaction from you? that's creating more drama and therefore a good thing.        just like whoever keeps downvoting snappy


honestly, so many submissions to that subreddit lately have just been really fucking obvious observations framed as "details", the sub is almost becoming a parody of itself.


y i k e s locking this thread


see, i actually enjoy and see the value of reading symbolism into things. but i can understand how the somewhat artificial and forced experience (asking students to write a several page essay on the subject tends to lead to some high levels of reaching in finding symbolism) you tend to get in english classes can leave some people a bit jaded by the whole thing. sometimes a banana is just a banana.


gimme the bussy


thanks for the help, but i can't seem to figure out why it won't link properly


thank you for making this hellworld even less bearable.


i really wish she could run for president. another 4 years guaranteed of trump would be nice.


a+ title game


dear patriarchy buster. razors (safety or straight) are just razors. they are not gendered. the reason there's no women's merkur adjustable is because it is just a razor. much like there is no women's kitchen sponge or tire pump.       they have always been available to you, since long before bic came out with disposables and barbasol with cream.       you are making this way more dramatic than it needs to be. dumbass.


hey!   first thing i want to say:   it's okay to not be someone's best friend. i've never had a best friend. i've always been friends with different types of people and it sounds like you have too.   there's the people i want to go out with, there's the people that make me laugh so hard i throw up (truestory), there's the people i go to when i feel like shit or need advice, the people i can have really deep conversations with, etc.!   ofcourse some of these overlap, but in the end you have friends because they fill a certain role in your life, and i think that's beautiful. sometimes you want to hang with the one person, and sometimes you don't, and that's okay :)    to me, it would be the worst to have one person you depend on the most. but that's pesonal.      the second point i want to make is that this could be an important moment in your life: the friends you have now, you won't want to have for the rest of your life either. you'll move away from each other, grow apart, or take a different path in life, and that's all okay! maybe you and your current best friend will grow apart. but you'll find new friends, in the weirdest places, that you have the best connections with. it's okay to lose people, in a while you'll be happy for them that they've found their way in life.       and if you really want to be someone's best friend, someone with whom you share everything, someone that you trust completely, that won't ever backstab you: you will. if it's not right now, it's yet to come :) it has nothing to do with who you are, everyone is weird and you'll find the right level of weirdness to match yours.      surround yourself with the people you enjoy spending time with, you don't need any labels for that.


>unidan      god damn. that's a name i hadn't heard of in a while.


true.


i had the (original) x box version, though different than the pc version of the time from what i can tell, my female avatar would go to the toilets in the nightclub house and use the stall, wash her hands whilst some guy was at a urinal.             the guy's didn't freak out, the only time 'shame' and shooing others away came into it was when they took a bath.


then say "the patriarchy is trash"


first and foremost, your feelings are legitimate and important. the fact that your mother survived her childhood has no bearing on your feelings and whether or not you deserve to have them. please take care of yourself, future you will be grateful for it.       most colleges give students access to mental health professionals, as the first year can be rough for many. my ex used them, i've used them; it helps to just have an unbiased party to talk to. i will caution you to brace yourself, talk therapy is designed to help you figure out why you're having these feelings, why you're depressed. sometimes those are hard bridges to cross, but i promise it gets easier.       usually i'm against taking student loans, but that may be a viable option for you to pay for your dorms, or even housing close to campus, which can be cheaper. if you're practical and realistic with what you borrow, you may be able to get out with minimal debt.       and for what it's worth, save this number, it could save you: 1-800-273-8255 (suicide prevention hotline)


yup. the company was then ran off every social media platform and review bombed.


pics   gaming   worldnews   videos   todayilearned   iama   funny   atheism   politics   science   askreddit   technology   wtf   blog & announcements   bestof   adviceanimals   music   aww   askscience   movies      were the default subs when i joined. i think that they were different before that too. however what got me into reddit was the atheism subreddit which gave me solidarity and made me feel like i wasn't alone at the time in my lack of religion.      then reddit deemed it was too offensive for new users when they updated their defaults. i guess i could understand that. it makes sense, not everybody is an atheist, but.. then they added twoxchromosomes.      they started pushing a very third wave feminist type of agenda, especially ushering in a female ceo who did a horrible job running the site. it was obvious they had an agenda, and wanted to bring more diversity onto the platform, which is f i n e.      now let's look at the state of certain subreddits. there are a plethora of examples of subreddits where it's ok to hate white people. some of them even in the name. most of the subreddits men are treated like criminals. even small, overexaggerated stories where just hitting on a girl is "creepy, or rapey" and if you say otherwise you're an incel.


imagine thinking that a fast-food restaurant not getting removed from your campus constituted oppression.


i'm really confused why this person is so upset. let's break down their grievances:      >sex is not gender.      can someone point out to me where the teen vogue thing even suggests that sex and gender are the same thing? based on these four images, i'm not seeing that connection.      >not all women have periods.      again, where do these images suggest this to be the case?      >not all people who have periods are women.      call me crazy, but i feel like that's exactly what the pictures are saying.


the founders of a transgender suicide hotline embezzled $350k from it


i wanna see pink's response.


total dhamaal promotion?


you missed this one who is still convinced mueller is playing 4d chess while singing the national anthem backwards.       >this is probably muellers tactic. he wants to have a public showdown.


r/atheism and r/bestof are just another r/politics circle jerk


peta is the fucking worst. they euthanized animals *and* made cringy sayings like feed a fed horse


ah yes, iq = your political stances.


you think so? try introducing yourself as dick, and see how many people can keep a straight face.


i'm sorry you had to go through that, hope you're doing well now.


i'm a girl and i don't shave. i can't use one of those disposable monstrosities without cutting myself. hair remover cream. rub on, wipe off, hair gone.


buy essential ~~snake~~ oil


the noose tightens. *don't delete me bro *


ck2 is ez tho


why do you ask hun


get up. make your resume nice. get some references and restart. you gotta apply though. give it time, you'll be fine.


exactly. don't complain about wealth inequality unless you have an android.


if you look at the current front page, you will see that the entire sub is shitposts.      they had zero reason to remove it besides that they personally were butthurt about it.


lol no


hey there! it's drama in cody's lab! today we discuss whether or not incest is morally wrong. but can it also be morally neutral?


user in /r/nhl doesn't like mia khalifa's international women's day diss of sidney crosby


doesnt fit this sub since it isnt evil or anything.


the joke is that they're completely serious


today my grandmother came over today and we had a huge pre 4th of july cookout. she and my family gets drunk and she starts talking shit about my mom's longtime bf (post divorce btw). one thing leads to the next and she is getting violent and she has to be kicked off the property. she starts banging on the windows, like, window shattering type banging but not quite. me and my brothers are scared out of our minds and don't know what to do. the situation was a few hours ago and everything has cooled down. my grandmother is no longer a part of the family and everyone is just... hurt. i just wanted to rant as i just don't know what to even think. thank you for your time.


it's literally on the sidebar.         afaik you can talk about kiwifarms and even link videos from its official channel (as long as there's no dox) but you can not link to the forum at all


yeah, i mean, there will always be a-holes on both sides, but by and large, most people were just like, "yeah, you know, this show is pretty good." most of the youtube reviewers i watch who reviewed the first season (all of whom are men too) gave it a positive review.       i'm a dude too and i really enjoyed the first season as well. the second season was kind of "meh" for me (and seemed like it was trying a little too hard to be "topical") but was still enjoyable. idk, i just don't see this epidemic of men who hate female leads that 3rd wavers claim is a reality. i've still yet to meet a man who doesn't think ripley from the alien series is awesome.


[URL]      i'm no fan of t_d, but the mods could've simply banned him for not being a trump supporter.


yeah the jobs nobody would ever take


i sometimes wonder what kind of special idiot do you need to be to to think that pikachu is nazi? lol            i still don't like pikachu because i love raichu more (esp the alola variant), but that doesnt mean that pikachu is a nazi


i'm really hoping they do the bit where rocket is bugging cm to sell him the flerkin when they meet up in endgame. that was hilarious in the comics.


i see stuff like this every year, and i genuinely don't get it. now, if he was joking about her having a miscarriage or something, i'd kind of understand. but this..no. do these people also get offended by actresses who pretend to be pregnant while playing a character?


so many narratives destroyed


yo, don't watch an anime called boku


>the facts are      >met higher beings, had his cancer cured, and begun to spread the message of world peace      >met higher beings      hmmmmmmmmmmm


well as a native texan, do not vote republicans out if you want better healthcare. vote for the least amount of government control.            also the canada comparison....i employee two canadians here in south texas. they despised canada's system so bad they left home and moved here for work with their phds. oops.


hot take: you're not entitled to health services if you can't pay for it. i shouldn't have to pay due to you stuffing your face into heart disease and a stroke.


you do realise that there exists a world outside of liberal american cities


obviously, reddit user names aren't generally a useful way to judge people, but this is one of those exceptions where i fucking know exactly who this guy is just from the fact that he calls himself "rationalhumanist."


same reason why tankies and nazis like world of tanks. they can larp the time in the world when people like them are at their peak.


it's so inconsistent in terms of power levels and i really dislike the art design change from kishimoto. i hate that they're keeping up huge threat levels when boruto doesn't stack up so we spent three months with him watching his dad fight (and no matter what you think of naruto's showing in that last fight, the fight itself was too long). in fact the action in the fights are extremely boring compared to how kishimoto would draw his fights. kishimoto is a master class in manga fight choreography.      ultimately it feels like it's a bad parody of what naruto was. there are good arcs, especially when boruto has to protect the kid. it shows that with lower stakes it would give boruto room to grow but they are pushing this whole karma business that really falls flat.


i guess the person makes a point on the first two (i don't know what the third is) but fucking hell did they had to say it as it happened.


scary


centrism always prevails.


i wish they'd just live and let live, like actual liberalism was supposed to be. i disagree with converse and their promotion of the child stripper, but i'm not going to try and shut down the company.


anon on /mu/ finds love


imagine wasting half a decade caring about gibblegabble


also did the music for the creed movies which have amazing scores


that struck me, too. insane really.


shes dead, bro


once at work, i accidentally checked out some dragons fucking cars.  didn't know that would be an issue.


yeah that's probably a better way to put it.


didnt see you too already commented about dislikes,      your comment needs more upvotes      we have to show our discontent and send the message across      art cannot be political just for politics' sake


wait jon snow does things other than dance on the big fat quiz?


half the thread is praising this kid as some pioneer of resistance. "you're way braver than i was in high school", "damn dude that's risky" etc...      are you kidding me? hippies have been calling service members baby-killers since the vietnam war.      this is nothing new or fucking risky


this gives me nostalgic gary's mod vibes


stone ocean's stands just got way too complex.


docs be like....


why the fuck boomers would go here lmao      cpt priapism is the only one alive and his heart is failing i heard


ehh guan yu was a real person who was posthumously deified. no different than most buddhas or saints


studying


stop being adorable and people won't call you adorable. pretty simple solution really.


all those posts being upvoted saying that they in fact did not.      okay? but most people did? are we so blinded by hatred for the dude that we just ignore statistics glaring you in the face?      welcome back, /r/drama


... which one?         it's legitimately humorous (in a dark way) that i can't tell which subreddit you mean.


i lived in tn for 3 years. pretty much everything i thought it would be isn't


could be. i think the point is that there's a lot of violence in the indigenous community specifically, disproportionately to the population numbers, and this movement is part of the effort to shine a light on that.      and yes, the discussion often seems to largely exclude indigenous men, and many times (especially when it's non-native people talking) seems to ignore the reasons for violence *within* the communities.      however, there do seem to be people taking an honest approach to things, like [this guy]([URL]      i don't know, and i'm also not canadian and don't know much about the details to be honest. but it does sort of seem like a good thing to ask the question about why these communities in general suffer from so much more violence (within their walls and not), and i'm not sure that asking that would make someone a racist.       what do you think?


he then goes on to compare the right to own guns as the right to own slaves and calls the person he's debating historically illiterate. jesus christ these people are insufferable.


hey krezrocker! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * you linked incorrectly.       you linked to the full comments, to an image, or to somewhere other than a nested comment thread.      please link directly to the comment thread containing the drama. if the comment you're linking to requires some context, add "?context=x" to the url, where "x" is the number of parent comments you want displayed. if there are multiple drama threads create a self-post containing the relevant links. self posts may include links to images and full comments only as supplementary material.      "the whole thread is drama" and "the images are the drama" don't count.         if you're unsure how to use context or to submit a write up, please check out our [wiki](/r/subredditdrama/wiki/ruleswiki_using_.3fcontext).            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


i love how canon only matters when it suits the narrative, any other time it just gets in the way.


oh, hello!      i like browsing srd as my go to fluffy (or not so fluffy) internet place when i'm bored.      yeah, the jin weren't super good, but i don't think it taints cao wei (the guys they betrayed)


i think because it's much more of an applied biology of sorts. you aren't doing advanced maths or problem solving in the same way traditional stem majors are. nursing is hard as fuck, but it's a lot more of applying  known principles than necessarily figuring them out


nobody asked


god i love how enraged tumblr makes me.  ps i have literally never thought this.


i thought last night's ep should have been a twist where everyone dies and jon somehow usurps the night king because he's already half dead or some shit and the rest of the season is him leading the army of the dead to kill cersi and all the other living. it would have really pissed everyone off even more and nobody would have seen it coming. then everyone could argue about whether or not the whole thing was a metaphor for replacement migration. instead they went with hackneyed and predictable. cowards.


i sit in the dark, empty theater and salt the popcorn with my tears.


it shows that there is a unified and external push toward replacing white people. countries like japan who also have declining birthrates have instead programs that encourage its citizens to procreate. at no point (or at least very rarely) does the government or its jewish citizens say that they should immigrate more while keeping a lid on its programs. this is not the case in europe or the us. why? well, these images show a possible answer.          instant downvote upon posting. how nice.


a profound lack of foresight.


my god that sub is a garbage-fire. i think it's mostly a sub for bitter ass dudes who had no success on tinder.


i only saw the first half at first but i just saw the bottom lol


am soldier, can confirm.


ohh love is war. ok.       she's like 16, right? i consider that to be fair game.


i only accept sorosbux,


update-ish, had a meltdown at my mom because she was getting on my ass about being mopey, saying how she would never act like this.      i'm a piece of shit.


sometimes i dont know if i am on r/subredditdrama or r/gamingcirclejerk


grand valley.


[URL]      i run my own email server, so i hate these arguments. these government officials are moving to end-to-end encryption messaging systems, so this will never be an issue again.      true corruption in government can not happen without a paper trail/ quid pro quo. paulie form *goodfellas* never talked on the phone (let alone email), but he ran a private org.


well...      yeah, you're probably right.


this must be those communist sympathizers i was talking about! that didn't take long lol


you're writing a response to a stranger online's thread. you aren't entitled to a response from them.      espicially if they're posting in anxiety/depression subs try to look at it through there point of view. heck when im depressed i sometimes ended up leaving messages my friends send me with out replies, so one of my last priorities would be replying to a stranger.      i'm sure you're helping other people with your responses though. perhaps the person who ignored you just isn't ready to accept that advice and is still in pity party mode. just know that since you're posting a response publicly it has the potential to help anyone who comes across that thread who feels similarly. try not to focus too much on the fact that you wrote a reply therefore you are owed a reply because that is just not true.


>speed of sound in vacuum       holy fucking kek


actually i'm sure the chance is much higher if they were forced into it.


after that, can we talk about how not wanting to live surrounded by homeless people is hateful?


i'm just going to take your word for it; i don't really know enough about it to say otherwise.


i'm sorry


oldest trick in the book


what should obama and the democrats have done?


do it for yourself not others. i don't take care of my skin for other people, i do it for myself.


this is fucking gold.       they keep falling for this shit, it's unbelievable.


i totally get that too! i'd suggest looking maybe for groups to play with of all girls? i've been thinking about trying that for ages. playing games with other girls is always better


this is the only correct answer. no point in arguing about mega alt in ou because it's trash.


but indian minorities and secular hindus would. they are as much our brethren as 'bhakts'.


>because it can learn any move, some people began research to see if it is the ancestor of all pokémon.            - pokemon crystal              it can learn all moves


true, he has come of age a few times after that


i know there are a couple of sects of christianity that don't allow icons or pictures in the church, but the images of jesus and various saints are technically idol worship


this, but unironically


perhaps. i'm looking at those options.


east text


can someone fill me in on why he threw the baby? i watched the clip and just came away more confused.


i'm glad the first post i see is "/r/politics is reeeeing reeeee"       truly admins should have shitcanned this place


in a thread about tommy robinson being banned from facebook and instagram, i said that a group of muslims had protested in london saying that anyone that insults islam should beheaded, and that nobody was arrested at the protest.      /[USER] responded and called me a liar and said that people were arrested at the protest.      i then pointed out that nobody was arrested at the protest, so my original claim was 100% true, and that arrests didn't occur until 6 weeks later after a backlash from mps, the media, and the public.      he then deleted my original post and all of the posts i made proving that i was right, leaving only his claim that i was a liar, along with posts from other people saying i was too cowardly to respond, even though i had responded, only for him to delete my responses.      how is this shit allowed to repeatedly happen on reddit? it's a fucking joke.


ben shapiro has such a weird face.


see you later virgins!


that sub is pure shit that ate itself and shit again.


what the fuck is mmiw?


i use a multi-sub for all the subs so doesn't really make that much difference to me....unless i get banned lol.


brown people was originally an ironic way of mocking how right wingers view minorities.       they've used it too much now people think it's serious. now they say it completely without any irony at all.


wait, how? aren't the most extreme positions either communism/fascism or total anarchy? no republican i know of calls for either of them


are you arab/muslim?


there's also r/carsfuckingdragons


yeah, but he's learned from that experience.....or something


smash the necromatriarchy      outlines:      1. *this post* - [outline]([URL]      ^(*i am a bot for posting outline.com links.*) [^(*github*)]([URL] ^/ [^(*contact for info or issues*)](/message/compose?to=\/[USER])


bjp it cell at its best


this sub may unironically outlast td, cth and us.


did you have a stroke


i know that final line is supposed to be  but i have no idea what it means


the problem with effort poe trolling is that people have to engage with you intellectually for it to work. it's beautiful when it's done right, but a lot of pieces have to fall into place or it's just a mess. kind of like prog rock/metal.


if they disagree with a black person's politics they call them a token.


wow what are you saying that i am too sensitive? who tf do you think you are


damage control!


that's fraud


fair enough


but... sombra is mexican?


i'm not suggesting anything. i have not even said it's bad to be a coward. sometimes being a coward is the appropriate choice given the circumstances, but just because it's a good choice to be one for the given context, doesn't change if you are one or not.


it sounds like you understand just fine hun


bussy eater


indeed


i wasn't banned but i have no idea where i belong. idk if people on duggarssnark hate me or what. they don't seem to but maybe they don't want me there anymore. duggardiscourse looks nice too. idk!


introspection is good for everyone


eating chinese food is cultural appropriation


i love heidt. there are so many brilliant conservative books that i never read before because they weren't taught


watch me do it son, and ur gonna like it


i'll have to check the rule book, but i believe under article 72, section 14, if you're white, or partially white, then yes.


nah, they're supported by the admins.      they're not going anywhere.


why even live


lobsterson is providing good drama. can't wait for him to butthurt the right too.


who gives a fuck ferrothorn is steel/grass, basically all fire moves are gonna whoop ass.


this.       you were banned too?


dreams of dravid nadu, south indian union and other secessionist dreams.      tomorrow's post: periyar's ramblings on how dalits aren't human  


>what about salt?      from the article, lol


report for spoilers


[URL]


shocked that a group whose "leader" claims he can cure cancer with dmt is considered a cult.


he cares if he does or doesn't have sex. i don't really give a shit when people talk about going to sporting events or drinking beer all the time because i don't like those things. but when people constantly talk about sex that they're having that i don't have but want to have that makes me mad, mostly at myself because i think "those people have something that i want but don't have. what am i doing wrong that i can't have it?"


nailed it


as a woman attracted to women, i agree.  i  think pride is just a corporate cash grab. i just want to exist without getting beat up. literal children dressed in drag, a million sweat shop produced rainbow shirts and flags, and random ass people flaunting around with dildos and bdsm shit isn't gonna do shit to stop that. if corporations and people really want to do something to support the community, donate to the shelters for disowned kids, or aids research foundations.


enjoy the credit


>2010      >some morons still tweet him in 2017/18 about how butthurt that made them      now that is pretty based.


i think the worst part is that these arent original games, these are sequels. i'm somewhat saddened that i cant have all 3 metro games in the same spot. i understand it's a small inconvenience  but that doesnt mean it's not relevant.


which npc patch is that?


> firefighters, police, roads, and public education       you forgot aircraft carriers


i'm now trying to figure out how many good pures there are of other types.      water might be the best type for pures.      psychic has alakazam...


r/strangestatistics gets banned for being unmoderated after 1 mod goes mia and the other is banned by reddit, user makes r/strange_statistics - banned for ban evasion


> just imagine if you were in their shoes - democrats and liberal values on the rise, your most dreaded boogeywoman about to take the white house - all seems lost. then comes donald trump. and suddenly he's saying the same racist shit in the white house you've been saying to your buddies for all these years, growing angrier and angrier that you can't say it in public anymore.      we're reaching levels of straw men that shouldn't exist       very nice find op


>... exaggerate and broadcast your war wounds...      meanwhile, what dan crenshaw *actually* said...      > "i'm not disabled. i've got a little... thing going on here, but i *am not* disabled."


this is the golden age of drama


thank you so much, that is exactly what i'm feeling too. good to know i'm not alone!


what's context or knowing the person?


next pm ✌


some of the removed comments are odd,  removing a comment saying it's old news for example


that dude who flew in the clintons several times and trump banned from his resorts? who's only now getting cracked down on after obama appointees were removed from positions in the doj?


i have no clue who that youtuber is, and i still support them not being deleted/silenced off of youtube.


how is block them not a valid response?      as far as i'm concerned unless they're using multiple accounts there's no such thing as harrassment on reddit.          if you choose not to use the block option available to you then you obliviously want to continue getting the messages, probably with malicious intent  ...  you want to use them as an excuse to get them banned.     


i 1000000000% guarantee that if tomorrow gearbox said "we are cresting our own downloading platform for gearbox games. borderlands 3 will be available only there. all money given to us through this platform goes directly to us, no commissions taken by anyone else" this same user would screech "reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee just put it on steam stupid gearbox i want it on steam i would gladly give you money for this game if you put it where i want reeeeee"


runaway downvotes happen. you had a small sample size of the community in that reaction. and you caught that sample in a mood. if you've claimed to be an ally, you might need to grow a slightly thicker skin.      all that said, i'm pretty sure this will be a deleted post after you realize how harsh your resulting words were.


it's something that white people (apparently) like to say, and by law everything that white people like to say/do must be a target of ridicule. 'cause white people are bad, y'see.^/s


>  lol the downvotes, it literally could happen to you tomorrow you fucking monkey.      except not really.


good thing she isn't a doggo! if she was then reddit's gentlesirs couldn't swoon.


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      **[rule 4a]([URL] do not post anything political.**       > political posts are almost always too serious, and even when there are not, the comments usually end up in a bunch of slap fights over which side is more right than the other. /r/socialjusticeinaction or /r/sjsucks are better subreddits for this.      ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


he was also a white male!


online games bring out the worst in people.


it's most accurate if you use your first morning pee. i don't remember why, something about hormones


can we have a moment of silence for all the mouth breathing burgers whose lives depend on getting a lump sum back every year to buy a new 55 inch tv? 1 like=1 pray


>imagine being reminded of your ex cheating on you every time you cuddle with your current significant other.      imagine feeling you got cheated on because you didn't like the sequel to a kids' movie.


paging /wowthanksimcured


congrats, you described how '' became a white supremacy symbol.


boo quarantined stifles the growth of drama filled subs.


if you see even one, there are bound to be more because they spend most of their time in their hideyholes, breeding with the moxie of rabbits. there is no such thing as just one bedbug. call an exterminator as soon as possible.


that was awesome.


stop this shit


the first comment is comedy gold.


be honest.   if wife is for real...she will support your decision.      good luck.


ah, i see you live in detroit as well.


a lot of people know about romance of the three kingdoms from the novella or the dynasty warriors games, and the novella made up a lot of stuff while keeping some historical facts in. and like all of this stuff is in the novella, but not all of it, and the novella is part made-up stuff and historical facts itself.


he's gonna join forces with mueller and take down trump!


i felt a bit uneasy when it said "fall of nanjing" and didn't mention the rampant and infamous atrocities which are one of the only reasons the city is known about outside of china.


this is probably the closest thing to a dank meme about peta, and its just everyone (rightfully) giving them shit.


what happens is that plant vitamin a goes to your skin, giving it a warm glow. unless you have a mutation that makes it hard for your body to convert it to vit a and you eat a lot of plants. then your skin turns orange. [URL]      unlike your skin turning blue due to silver ingestion, this color change is harmless and reversible.


yeh gaaind kya hai bro? hum to gaand bolte hain


tell that to disney.


i think it's because congress has openly said that they will not form coalition with aap.. as our beloved kejru has said.. "sab mili hue hai" just trying to secure more votes for comrades..!


> we've all got shit we're dealing with      you're right. i'm sorry; that was insensitive of me. i forgot that it's only been, what -- a few weeks since the t_d quarantine? you need time to grieve.


i am going to delete mt life actually      i am so fucking done that this is the only way to have people pretend to understand.


when urmila met pappu


no, it's sexist to go on a lines of code counting crusade (the dumbest, most meaningless metric to measure contribution in any code project) and trolling spree to try and discredit a woman who happened to be getting a lot of attention for her role on the project.


what are you, a misogynist?!


reddit moves shit around. link?


yeah, if the other guy was actually interested in making an argument, he could have won easy.      'the villain was foreshadowed'... and the examples come from 600 chapters deep in part 2.


> regardless of the truth in the accusations against him, he knew that his nomination will tarnish that respect.      hold up. so is the argument basically "since what we accused him of is so bad, it doesn't matter that there wasn't any evidence"?      well then in that case, i'd like to go ahead and say that whoever the democrats nominate for president in the 2020 election molested me when i was a child. regardless of the truth of this accusation against them, they should know that their election will tarnish the respect for that office, and concede.


i'm spooked about eating raccoon but eating or not he will die soon


holy hell that guy is snobby as fuck


holy fuck, my sides.


we are way past the time for tolerance, these people want you to either actively join them or die. tolerance is too neutral, you have to adore them and become one of them to be even just acceptable.


some of you people in this sub handle disagreements poorly and break rule 4.


what the hell is "ego violence?"


r/pewdiepie_submissions has been banned


let me do my best alyssa milano and say:      you are right, my apologies.


oh hey im the main comment on your 8th slide. i got gilded twice then banned lmao


the comments that bpt mods are removing right now


i am not trans, but i am ethnically vietnamese. i grew up in germany among germans. i personally have little issue with some racist jokes, depending on the context. however, i also understand that others in my position have an issue and that it can be highly damaging to them if i normalize the behaviour by indulging too much in it.


i always learn about new nsfw subs when i come to srd


i thought that was the website which shall not be named?


>for the next several days, avoid discussing anything relating to these topics: transgender, sexual orientation, or gender politics.      "how dare transgender people exist"


race realist is just another code for magical dont let them fool you


oh shit. incoming news, blizzard to now ban pikachu along with the ok emoji.


abc: always be closing!!


of course. women's bodily waste and excretions should be celebrated. men's, however, are a crime against humanity.


because when things are grouped together incorrectly without further context it creates cognitive dissonance. think back to sats or something similar - "which of these do not belong" type questions. our brains are trained to look for patterns and when we cannot find the similarities, or there are glaring discrepancies it creates cognitive discomfort.       you're saying it's obvious to you that some things are worse than others. i'm saying, based on the text, the author is not making that point explicitly or implicitly which is confusing. you're making an assumption. i'm going off of what is written. no where does the other make any distinction.


>black bodies      again, what is this social justice obsession with ***bodies*** of a certain race or identity? this is like the third topic i remember in as many weeks where it's been phrased this way. again, why not just say *black people*? it's the same number of characters. but it's almost if the bodies in question don't belong to people. they belong to a social justice cause, and to the collective identity known as *black,* a hive mind of sorts. notice how they even capitalized the name.


based crop


the blog posts speak for themselves better than anything i could ever write, so here are a bunch of excerpts without commentary:      [*"the brain size of the world's most successful woman"*]([URL]     >i have heard oprah state on her show that she has to have her hats custom made because her head measures 25.25 inches around, a cranium so large that two wigs had to be sewn together to fit her for her oscar nominated performance in *the color purple*. this equates to 641.4 mm. [...] assuming this sample is roughly representative of adult female u.s. crania, oprah's head perimeter is 6.3 sd above the mean of american women.      [*"independent confirmation of oprah's head size"*]([URL]     >the late gene siskel went hat shopping with oprah and the salesman said oprah's was the largest head he'd ever seen. using the late j.p. rushton's idea of using the formula for calculating the volume of a hemisphere (v = circumfence\^3 / 118.4) oprah would have a cranial capacity of 2229 cm\^3...      [*"brain size & ethnic genetic interests at 70th annual tony awards"*]([URL]     >i spent sunday evening trying to watch anything other than the news and i stumbled upon the 70th annual tony awards. generally speaking, high iq people tend to be fans of the arts, so it came as no surprise to see arguably the biggest brained and most successful woman on the planet, multi-billionaire oprah, dominating the event.      [*"iq & fighting back against racism"*]([URL]     >oprah's 2029 cc cranial capacity gave her the iq to handle racists with style. when a skinhead called her a monkey and then tried to change the subject, oprah grabbed him by the arm and said '"i want to talk about the *monkey business*". this showed lateral thinking because they were literally talking about monkeys...      [*"big brained oprah triples the value of weight watchers stock; could make $100 million in 36 hours"*]([URL]     >with a cranial capacity of perhaps 2,029 cm\^3, oprah has just adapted her situation to her advantage, by buying a 10% share in weight watchers, and watching the stock roughly triple in a few days, making her potentially $100 million richer in only 36 hours.      [*"big brained oprah tried to stop the war with iraq"*]([URL]     >while no human in history has had a deviation iq much beyond 200, oprah's 2,029 cc estimated brain size is arguably around what you would statistically expect from a 400 iq being, and so was the wisdom she displayed in the run-up to the war in iraq. [...] it seems marvelously symbolic that oprah, arguably the biggest brained member of america's elite ultimately passed that test with such flying colours, and got on the right side of history.      [*"getting rich off cold winter genes"*]([URL]     >...one day oprah's enormous brain size seemed to allow her the higher level cognitive ability that transcended cognitive abilities themselves: meta cognition; self-awareness [...] how did oprah display self-awareness? martha stewart began showing oprah a very efficient way to maneuver a bed sheet, and asked oprah to grap one corner of the bed sheet. sensing she didn't have the spatial ability to perform the task competently and not wanting to look foolish in front of millions of tv viewers, oprah was forced to adapt. instead of grabbing the corner of the sheet, oprah spontaneously ran to the audience to grab a martha stewart fan.      [*"only ashkenazi jews were smart enough to compete with oprah"*]([URL]     >as a compassionate social darwinist, i watched in great fascination as arguably the biggest brained member of both her race and her gender, emerged as the world's richest black and the world's most influential woman. [...] it seemed to me her huge brain size was giving her an ability to come up with witty comments, and down-home folksy wisdom that kept the audience entertained. [...] with a cranial capacity almost as stratospheric as oprah's, rosie [o'donnell] had the smarts to become the only gentile in syndicated talk show history to almost beat oprah in the ratings      [*"has any self-made woman or black in history ever been the most powerful person on earth?"*]([URL]     >the only self-made woman and the only black who has come close to being the most powerful person on earth has been oprah, who for years reigned as the billionaire queen of all media and kingmaker to obama's presidency, but she was born with a freakishly large brain size which helped make her especially smart. [...] had her iq been even higher still (150 instead of 140), she might have made the leap from presidential king maker to president.      [*"how oprah cured my homophobia"*]([URL]     >...to hear the world's most influential woman give [a political opinion] that was so succinct, loud, powerful and graphic, and on behalf of an oppressed minority other than her own, just brought the house down. in that moment, my homophobia was cured. [...] rather than trying to defend an awkward argument, oprah had the cognitive adaptability to shift gears completely, by saying "i wasn't trying to absurd, sir" [...] big brained oprah then cleverly used her power which he did not have, by cutting to commercial break.      [*"big brained black billionaire"*]([URL]     >a thousand years from now, when no one even knows who oprah was, anthropologists might dig through the soil and discover a skeleton with a colossal cranial capacity and assume it belonged to someone extremely intelligent.  they'll think it must have belong to some rare super human, perhaps a more evolved species.  they might then discover the remains of her massive brick mansion and realize her intelligence allowed her to rule over the other humans of her time.      [*"beautiful, beautiful, beautiful...beautiful brain"*]([URL]     >but the ultimate brain scan art would be if oprah posed intimately with other luminaries, since oprah's arguably both the biggest brained member of both her race and her gender and the most successful member of both her race and her gender. the mri scan could be displayed in the oprah winfrey wing of the **smithsonian's** new national museum of african american history and culture.


dude, you're not funny or witty. you sound like a copy/paste of every other guy who's tried to dunk on ben in his own replies. and to be honest, you probably look like one too.


i love that srd is split between pearl-clutching and "oh, yeah, darqwulf, obviously".


the mod claimed they were in close contact with reddit all week and have been monitoring ip addresses.


stealing is ok so long as it is the government stealing. /s


as long as you didn't enjoy it you should be fine


didn't know they had a channel. dope


not really ,we defeated them (thailand) in the asia cup ( big deal ) by 4-0 .


oh, supraland. btw, there's an achievement for hitting a stickman (?) that resembles orange man.


you can only use it when you have a mon with both shadow ball and energy ball, both at zero pp.


tbf i believe it stems from the fact brenton tarrant used that as a justification for his actions in his manifesto and reddit's kinda on edge about that, that was probably what they were thinking


>why do jeff bezos and warren buffett benefit so much more from tax cut than i do????      - sent from my iphone69x in between customer's orders at starbucks


gonna need that m*sters to qualify for shift supervisor at starbucks


original post [here]([URL]


because then, he would have no ability to prove he wasn't the abuser.


a well dressed woman!


bc metallica hi pata hai inko par master of puppets pata nahi hota hai.


what's the point in pinging someone if they've consented? it takes all the fun out of it.


snappy basically has a set list of quotes to pull from on each subreddit it posts on, and they're different for each subreddit it's configured for: our list is different from drama's or buttcoin's and so on.      sometimes snappy's choice of quote just seems oddly prescient. not so in this case, since there's *'doooooooogs'* in our quote pool.


of the top of my head, there was the time a politican said "i know you're so interested in my vagina, senator, but no means no!"      she got in trouble for breaking the rules of decorum by addressing someone else directly.      jon stewart claimed she got punished "for talking about her vagina" in an abortion debate.


that old saying about what can be asserted without evidence...


post is  fam


yikes


*forgets that the war in the pacific started in 1938. and was largely a war of conquest and introduces identity politics as the main cause wheras it was greed that was the primary driver.


it's great when you can tell that the drama is juicy. like when there is 50 comments on an srd thread in 30 minutes, and the top comment is the bot.


the second one does have a point, though. that's like saying "north american food".. the other two are insane.            but i don't know if gordon himself actually said it, or if that's what the writer put in, or if there was clarification that wasn't included.


lol i actually commented this in /r/anarchism, to be honest /r/politics is a bit conservative for my taste


t u v w x y & z


so did he then microwave the roommate and eat him?


if you can't get laid, you believe you have superior genetics.


who the fuck uses that font


frozen fascist italy


assertions made without proof will be disregarded without proof.


your twitter font sucks. jesus christ.


it's the standard contradiction. the past is simultaneously lesser than the present and superior to it. rome was great, and civilised, and also unchristian, decadent, and bloodthirsty.


my friend..... welcome to life.  choose your friends wisely.  even the best of them will disappoint you at some point


they got their just for the wrong reasons.


non


it should ask her opinion on this i'm sure she'd absolutely love this!


i think the biggest problem with this is the whole trend of telling people to stop this or that. you cannot arbitrarily tell the entire population not to do something. what gives you the right? you aren't the mom of the world.


yeah just googled her that's the name. i'm not a big fan of her i'll admit, but still. i remember thinking he was being an absolute ass to her.


i love how that woman completely ignores this other person pointing out that women can fetishize lgbt ships(straight up talking about who's the bottom, calling them sinners, calling themselves sinners for shipping a same sex ship, etc.). hell, even shipping two actors or singers and making them uncomfortable(see louis and harry from 1d) and saying louis' son isn't real.


o just thought people like pikachu because it's a giant cuddly electric mouse.       i mean look how fluffy it is in detective pikachu! who does t adore that?


who knew that having worse health outcomes and longer wait times is good healthcare?


the chinese menus are behind the counter, and full of all the authentic foods that would freak out locals.


i only know about this from dynasty warriors and the [red cliff]([URL] film so this is all very interesting.       also, people arguing about the morality of individuals after 1,000s of years, including if their rise to divinity was justified?      i love my theology drama, especially within context of a massive battle epic!


i will say as an american that has lived abroad for years, it does get kind of old when everyone bitches about us. i get it, a lot of the criticism is fair. but it can make me defensive, which isn't really a good response.


-- she who must not be named


they're poor *because* they're getting aid dumped into them. tell me, is the west grateful to china because the latter keeps "aiding" them with cheap steel? no, subsidised steel exports and chronic aid should both be seen as economic warfare that wrecks economies and lives.


the lack of self awareness is strong with this one. if that is the united states' philosophy (it isn't), then it clearly was a good philosophy to have. in hindsight, at least.


just my country (canada) alone [gives billions]([URL] to africa, and we dont have shit on america's gdp


biff is based off of trump.


jokes can be offensive, can't have that else a feefee might be hurt somewhere.


what if i just don't like twitter?


i see you and i am so sorry. it is a really difficult time for underrepresented students on the whitest, straightest campus in the csu. i hope that in this broad conversation the lgbtqi students, faculty, and staff are heard out. [+14] r/calpoly


jolyne and stone ocean are some of my favorite jojos/parts


and few in brazil care about brazilian history


yes.


that's still gussy


because some things are objectively incorrect? something something facts don't care about your feelings


are we to the point where we can just admit the liberal opposition to the patriot act was all for show and that they wanted this all along


>if you had told me 5 years ago someone was destroying 2,387 vintage star wars figures i would have freaked out at the loss. but thanks to disney, i don't care!! it's actually impressive how they took the most profitable ip of all time and made it worthless.      i'm a bit confused how not liking the last movie(s) in a series suddenly makes all the enjoyment you had in the previous media disappear. i mean, i was pretty pissed off with mass effect 3, but my 400 hours in the me1 and me2 didn't vanish and i still enjoyed the multiplayer.


it's a damn cyberpunk setting, if your story in a cyberpunk setting isn't political you've failed as a writer


honk honk


> they're really delusional if they think there being subtle about their new nazi propaganda. i really hope it blows up in their faces.       i mean, it did the opposite of blow up in their faces the last 8 times.  maybe this time will be different!


i get cousins (subculture that emphasizes having a shit load of kids). but why last names? are they super picky about what women do when they get married?


rejection from college left me motivated and sad at the same time.


i'd say that counts as a tko.


that would literally make no sense in the context of the mad max universe. is this a joke?


and if you tweet stuff like that, you're a horrible fucking person who should sit on a pine cone.


actress. i always think of her first as her role in dogma, but her most prominent was probably freida, as she was nominated for an oscar for that one, and it was the lead role rather than a supporting one.      google trends is a good snapshot of this: [URL]      interestingly, you can see in there that his numbers had 2 peaks prior to the most recent one, march 2007 and feb 2009. those are the times that salma hayek being pregnant was announced and that they got married, respectively.


for me it was the cop telling null to just shoot them if they showed up again


the yaoi genre is absolutely massive, but it's fans tend to be straight girls who get a bit too into gay guys.


it is beyond copypasta


>my household got a decrease in income taxes. no shit. the issue is that changes in the tax code on deductions absolutely gutted us, and if we hadn't adjusted our withholdings (due to the changes in income taxes) we'd be in the same boat as a lot of others who ended up owing thousands.      updates withholdings to pay less tax -> winds up not "owing thousands?" and yet he was "gutted" by the change in deductions? this guy literally has no idea what he's talking about


no, part 6 was the worst because araki forgot how to write good manga for a little bit.      for real, its probably his weakest writing since phantom blood or boah.


israel is a big boy now. it can defend itself.


somebody that i was talking to, they said police in chicago are racist and so they might probably be trying to frame him and make him look like he's a liar. -cardi b.


burma also guys come on


yeah, they muted me when i asked why they banned me. no reply.


sorry i don't read every single comment on every single post. my bad. seriously , my bad


i'd take a joint over a beer any day


sunrisers hyderabad ki rally lag rahi hain


these guys are always like "educate yourself". dude, i have no idea wtf you're talking about and i'm still expected to figure that out myself.


the blatant ripoff of "the howling 2: your sister's a werewolf"


so....it's normal for a man to molest a little girl, but fucked up for a man to molest a little boy? that's incredibly stupid, misogynistic and unfair. i hate humanity.


she can pursue her masters in "soy, skim, or whole milk?" 101


i started wondering how he did all that as a baby, but i realized, he survived?


[bow chika wow wow]([URL]


it was a security bit in a socket.


....


this sounds like some of the comments i hear at work from the contractors they hire...


this but unironically


nah that's alabama. we have backwards, texas.


become an alcoholic.


i actually think choji and karui have one of the more believable relationships, in boruto at least. even if they definitely feel thrown together. plus cho-cho is easily one of the best characters in boruto, too.      but the real issue with shippuden is when you have to write 900 chapters of manga on a weekly schedule, hich is insane, you're gonna fall prey to the same power level escalation, the same xanatos roulettes, the same outta nowhere character pairings and the same ott bullshit that every long running weekly shonen battle manga does.      but yeah, naruto massively undercuts its theme of hard work overcoming natural talent.


no, what the heck!! i was away for like a day and all this stuff happened lol...smh


i mean, i know someone that is trans who literally does have that stance, but she is the exception not the rule. most that i know don't like it, and i don't use the term.


[borders] are mostly an artifact of expensive travel making restrictions on travel cheap populism whenever a politician needs a scapegoat. r/politicaldiscussion thread on whether "borders will maintain that relevancy in the future"


deeply wrong


dude accents make you more interesting


prawn to e7, checkmate athiests.


chinaware if i want to reheat it in microwave, otherwise steel


that's from a disease...


well should credit them with one thing they sometimes create feel good for masses which i am observing in my own family , otherwise in age of consumerism media is all hail trp.


wait the_marx is a gamer? it all makes sense now.


did you cringe or did you lose?


punching nazi's isn't violence, it's self defense


i agree, but i think that the person meant that the ill people were the scary thing


maybe, but if i have to have one steam is probably the least bad and its what i'm currently used to.


don't criticise bipoc critiques on the notre dame fire today, please


marco scolaris needs to be fired right now. if you disagree then come fucking fight me irl bro.


r/legaladvice sounds pretty rad to me though, idk if people are annoying enough to farm karma there. people go through tough shit to help bail out fellow redditors by looking up laws and stuff


cause there is none.      paticulalry not in todays hellworld. idk how you can possibly bring a kid in this world when shit like global warming will fuck us all over in incredibly painful ways.


they'll still add it to school shooting statistics.


there's a bumper crop of april fools this year


["i've rustled their little piss flavoured jimmies"]([URL]      what


what? no. it's the same idea (making a "joke" about something the other person doesn't like) just about dudes (aka all of r/tinder) instead of women.


the chair thing was stupid, i'll give em that.       however it fades into insignificance when compared to the mans accomplishments as an artist, actor, writer and director.


place is full of uneducated z-slurs.


they made a team of low elo players solely because they're female for a pr action      mod: wow your sexism shows locked banned deleted


not only multiple gilds, but multiple \*highly\* gilded posts in literally the past few days. look at that shit and try to tell me this isn't paid leftist astroturfing.


good!! it sounds inhumane but i really hope this happens. people need to understand these are serious matters and lying about them should be deemed as so.


that and, if reddit's community didn't use the downvote button as a disagree button, i wouldn't be writing this post.      i do not like the current fad of releasing remakes and remasters of everything, especially in nintendo consoles. additionally, i am not a fan of nintendo's practices of charging double the price for ports than you see on other consoles (skyrim costs twice as much on the switch than on the ps4/xbox, the new final fantasy ports are apparently all at least 40€).      i am certainly not the only person who thinks this, because it is not the first time i see threads and comments being showered with replies that can be summed up to 'shut up and accept it' and flurries of downvotes.      some of us do not need to relive our childhood, teenagehood or whatever with constant remakes or remasters. some of us would like new original content or sequels. but since most people keep buying these, companies have realized they can have more profit with half the work by remaking, remastering and re-releasing these games with special edition instead of focusing on other, different projects. this is what gives us stuff like pokémon let's go, which were considered very lackluster remakes with less effort put in them than the remakes that were released over ten years before and what also makes us buy games that are no more than beta versions, since dlc/complete versions come out the year later.      i am not trying to attack eventual posters that identify with this mindset i am disagreeing with. there are remakes/remasters that are really good to introduce a new generation to a certain game (pokémon fire red/leaf green, the 3ds zelda remasters), but there is a growing trend of remakes/remasters/complete edtions that are basically just to profit as much as they can off one game without altering it much. and that is what some of us want to voice their disapproval over, but can't because the downvote brigade rains down on dissent. i had to unsubcribe from r/nintendoswitch because of this, the hivemind is just plain insufferable.


[URL]


so...you posted pepe to /r/antifastonetoss.


i meant that congress will get the full unredacted report so why do they even need to bring in mueller.      but i like your scenario.


this is a sentence i never expected to hear


bullets blessed by holy water from the local church. if these inbreds weren't lapsed they wouldn't have been in this situation


happy cake day!


you do not have a friend in /r/moviedetails after a user posts a toy story 2 "detail" that is probably just a joke. "if i need your help i'll ask your mom to send you over after i'm done with her."


you never sampled before you settled down? gotta try before you buy in


just to play devil's advocate, she is an asian stereotype in that even as a little girl she knew karate. because all azns know martial arts, right?


my friend responded this when i showed this pic to him:      >guys, first. that's not that light a skintone. i've seen these characters, this isn't that far off. second, pastel! people tend to go with lighter tones in pastels. third, **stop obsessing over skintones you racist filth!**      >i mean, what is this? "you must be this dark skinned to post fanart?"  


yes, who tf are you?


why pakistan lost the case? his wig


you first...


i cut myself less with a shavette than a safety tbh


idiocracy was a documentary.       but seriously: the inmates are running the asylum fuck this gay earth.


wasn't he stormi daniels' lawyer? also, what did he do again?


i can't wait to fire up comedy central and hbo so a south african and a british guy can tell me how shit my country is :d


not god sanders.      god. impudent fuck.


it sounds good in theory, but it's a terrible idea when it comes to law. there are two sides to every story.      if you think we should completely believe every rape victim, look up ronald cotton. that is a case where the victim thought she was telling the truth but her memory failed her. evidence is so important, but to even suggest that nowadays causes outrage.


stay woke


bottom text


aren't you supposed to link that r-slurred comic in reply to this?


i used to be depressed. for about 10 years, after dropping out of college. about 5 months ago after spreading myself incredibly thin trying to solve everyone else's problems in my clan, i meet someone who seems to just click with me.      no name but a letter. anime pic. everything should have told me this is a catfish.      but i was so fucking lonely.      it comes to be this person happens to be extremely rich on runescape, and offered to give me 20 bonds for gold premier.      the catch? i had to give them the 7 bonds i had already, because "it'll be a better gift if i give you all 20!"      of course i do so without thinking.      trade complete.      b has left the clan. b has logged off.      i'm just sitting there staring at those words on my screen.      this must be a prank, right? no one would do that, be nice to someone then backstab them as soon as they get something, right?      10 minutes pass. i haven't moved. one of my friends pm's me "why are you on that world?"      all i could manage to say was "i don't know."      i'd just gotten scammed because i was thinking with my dick.      i can't show my face to my clan anymore. they'll never let me live it down. i can't handle that. i'm supposed to be the clan mediator who helps everyone resolve issues. not the completely broken mask that it actually is.      so i left. never logged in again. on anything. totally off the grid save my job.      a month goes by. my phone blares notifications at me... "naive we miss you." "naive, hope you're okay." "naive what happened?" "naive we're really worried."      lies. all lies.      about a month and a half ago, i finally summon the energy to go to the doctor. i just tell her right out i'm depressed. she prescribes me 200mg bupropion, twice daily.      so now i'm on medication for depression. doesn't feel like anything.      until 3 weeks ago.      all of a sudden, i'm a completely different man. garulous, entertaining, genuinely fun to talk to. came back to my clan ecstatic. things are looking good for once.      except when you didn't agree with me.      then i was the absolute hugest asshole in existence. because how dare someone try to harsh my happiness?      so i treat them like i would any other asshole. i mocked them. i poked fun at all the words they say. and when they inevitably fight back, i get underhanded. start slinging shit that was told to me in confidence.      of course they respond in kind. and then i played the victim. dissected their words and arguments, completely contradicting myself at times just to win the argument.      oh i won the arguments. but now the entire clan hates me. they don't even acknowledge me when i speak in the clan.      i've become *that* guy. the one you have to tip toe around on eggshells because he might snap and bite your head off.      i've become the crazy one.      i'm not fixed. sure i'm no longer depressed.      but i've never felt more isolated than i do in this very moment.      they just wrote me off. i can't blame them. no one wants to deal with someone whose perception of reality is this fucked.      no one wants to hear out why i'm saying the things i say. no one is acknowledging that i said i need another break from discord. no one cares.      so i left. again.      i shouldn't be around people. i'm trash. filth. the worst kind of asshole, the one that *has* to be right.      don't end up like me. if you were depressed and now feel almost insanely good, see your doctor.      don't be the reason your friends give up on you. you'll regret it so much, like i am now.


what happens when:


yeah same here bud


well look at it this way: the bullets always advertise themselves and can always be dodged.


salty tuna


what lmao


deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6754  [^^^what ^^^is ^^^this?]([URL]


     [[URL]


woh toh kisine bhi mana nhi kiya. they can do whatever they want with their lives. humein to bas kashmir se matlab hai.


stromtrooper have better aim


this is why we should beat all libertarians with a lead pipe or a milkshake +17


did you like it? thanks for reminding of this movie. i was shocked to realize it's been six years.


/k/ talks about plainclothes police


chest pain is fairly common, sadly rarely a heart attack.


[gordon owns it.]([URL] he's not the executive chef, who has more decision making power over the actual menu. that person is [ben orpwood,]([URL] who was executive chef at [sexy fish.]([URL]


so it's a crime for a woman to call herself female now?       makes sense.


imagine not disabling custom css in 2019.


i live in australia and you're kinda right


>the ill aren't scary      look at mr i've never been attacked by an axe wielding lunatic over here.


wouldn't this mean that creating life is paramount to suffering? as in, not creating more life, no matter how much suffering that causes, is immoral.


you just confessed to stealing culture


veemo.


they claimed to have looked him up but were unable to find him... it took me all of 45 seconds based on the info on the receipt. i'm not going to dox him, but i can say that i'm 99.8% sure i have the correct person based on what i found, and not just because the names match.  that doesn't say whether he did it or not, but it does say that if they were trying to look him up, they didn't try very hard at all.  however, if anyone is going to be writing "build the wall" on things, it's probably people that close to the border.  honestly, this looks fairly legit to me, but i'm not ruling out the possibility that it's fake even though i think that's a long shot.  imo, posting the receipt unredacted was a mistake, whether he actually did it or not.


i'll let you decide which is which.


good. i don't like white savior movies either. fuck em.


he look like that one corporative asshole in comedys that threat everyone like shit and then get his car stolen/destroyed


nobody said it's wrong. it's just stupid and pointless. a door is a door. there's no need to make a door something part of your agenda. if you write "toilets" or "wc" in a door, it's still a door, it's not a "gender neutral door"; because doors don't care about genders. they are doors.


this guy just out here asking me to tweet about literally every problem that has ever existed or otherwise i'm a bad person


wow cunt off. how do these people exist. how do their brains operate this way? it's insane to me.


i guess, but its just really noticeable in online gaming.


i understand where you're coming from but we are not talking about teachings on engineering here.


ahhhh that's hot... that's hot


this is a great sps post. it's got everything.


honestly, that's less of a problem right now, imo, as destruction of a person's reputation through the media right now.  which i think is where the second point i tried, clumsily as i did, to make.


thank you. i'm sorry that happened to you.


having bad parents can mess you up in really tangible ways for the rest of your life. i will suffer physical consequences from their neglect until the day i die.


in the us, calling someone a spaz could be considered insulting depending on the context, but not on the level of "retard" or even "idiot" or "fool".  more along the lines of "ditz" or "dope" in that it's generally perceived as playful rather than derogatory.


what company is he talking about?      what does he mean "haven't heard it before"?      why is there a picture of ron stoppable?      i'm still so confused haha


i only know his first name. i think once before i looked through dozens of facebooks before i realized it's the most common name in the world.       also, i know if i found him and somehow reached out he might not want to hear from me. he got in trouble with the hospital for being too emotionally involved i think. i would hate for him to lose his license over one silly patient.


the acid attack probably made her that way


steve had more love and respect for animals in his pinky than the entirety of peta activists.


the "science" subreddits don't have anything to do with science.  they're all ideological echo chamber designed to keep "the wrong ideas" out of the spotlight.      that said, this blog does a shitty job of characterizing the responses they received. the bioresearcher didn't say animal studies were unreliable.  that was the author's interpretation of their response.  they said that animal testing has known limitations.  there's a huge difference between "unreliable" and "has known limitations."  going on to call the respondent a "vivisectionist" didn't help their case any, either.  there's no way the author could know that the respondent actually cut animals open as part of their work.  using the term was just an attempt at emotional manipulation while personally attacking the respondent.      i'd like to see the threads in question to be certain, but based on the blog post itself it sounds like the author went in with an ax to grind and pissed everyone of from the word go.  it's no wonder they were being accused if being a preachy vegan.


i am nobody's doormat


this doesn't even surprise me at this point.


demi lovato tweets out the most innocuous meme imaginable prompting the "that's problematic" lynch mob to bully her into deleting her account


this is straight up radicalisation material. genuine provocateur stuff.      i'd suggest reporting it but nothing will be done.


what, in your opinion, was christ's point with that teaching?


tbh i'm surprised there wasn't some major drama sooner but i still find this drama baffling!


the mathematics part of stem is taking about theoretical maths. most likely will the discipline be used to help scientists work on their theories, but they are discovering new concepts.       they are not using basic algebra and arithmetic, otherwise pretty much every field would be considered stem.


you get into the upper class and all sorts of illegal pastimes become available to you      or they're all just fbi sting operations


m a u l a n a   m o d i  


and you just proved the point...


if they only blocked you with automod, you should already know what you can do


to play the game. like, duh.      there's a discussion to be had about people never actually buying the game or other negative effects of piracy.     but to honestly wonder why someone would prefer to do x at *any time* over doing x at *any time, starting a year from now*, that's just baffling.


the original black hole meme was lit af.


so it's known bullshit, but that would make it not fit the sub... so just memory hole that shit and make it fit.


omg i'm gonna tell this story in homeroom tomorrow my friends will be like wuuuut ‍♂️


i upvoted for that title


i also joke about fucking dead babies and killing myself in the event of the zombie apocalypse because my chihuahua will need a source of fresh protein.      and then we are reminded of jim gaffigan, who is like the bob ross of stand up. you want to hate the guy, but he's so pure and hokey that you won't be surprised if he either ends up sipping root beer floats with mr rogers or feeding bill cosby a roofie colada in the afterlife. he's just so... *clean*.


now what in tarnation? the hell is a "womyn"?


this is not a crazy sentiment.   jk rowling has for a while now been doing this thing where she announces outisde of the narrative that certain characters are "diverse" in whatever way, but diagetically in universe within the narrative of the world itself there is little to no evidence to back up these claims.   supposedly dumbledore and grindelwald had a passionate relationship-- but in a film very much about dumbledore and grindelwald this is explicitly only given as dumbledore initially having had admiration for grindelwald's philosophy - leading to their pact of not stopping one another - and how that got soured by grindelwald's genocidal side.       rowling has basically been cashing in on the diversity of her books/films without actually writing this diversity into them.   anf this frustrates the fans because if dumbledore and grindelwald's relationship was as rowling described in her tweets etc. then she is refusing to give the audience the real story by writing such a tame version of it in fb cog


jailbait was sexualizing *actual minors.* do you not understand the distinction? the entire point of that sub was sexualizing actual minors. ageplaypenpals is adults role-playing as children.


sodypop and chtorr are the ones you should ping


did you just ask people to do some actual work instead of getting everything on silver platters.. how (something) ist of you


swing and a miss. would you like me to explain in more detail?


and i used to think that republicans were the conspiracy theorists. hah


not to mention he's paid as a social media influencer.       but unlike youtubers he doesn't disclose which posts are sponsored


>i don't waste words.      >leave, now.      ho boy, this dude right here.


i'd try and make yourself sound a bit assertive when you talk, that should help. or just give them shit right back    i'm a girl and always get shit when playing games lmao, people either think i'm an 11 year old kid or make sexist comments. i just say dumb shit back though and that's fun


is she actually any good? or is she just a skip bayless wannabe?      i stopped following her when she started trying to appeal to the alt-right (or at least the alt-right adjacent).


wow it's almost like reddit is public and anyone can comment. i don't need to know you, i just saw a petty attempt to complain about another thread and called you out. or should i assume you've never commented on a comment chain you didn't personally start?


>you are just part of an outrage culutre that feels the need to obsess over everything and find drama in everything.      i mean we are on /r/subredditdrama cultist.


only guys understand the joys of being balls deep in a buddy's ass


according to the article your cut counts for the purposes of this metric, lol.  anything over $10 was considered a real cut.  gotta love it.


no, i remember a mod saying they would not remove it until reddit admins did so. that's the moment they got banned.


hey varysisamermaid69! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * surplus popcorn.      due to a lot of stale politicized drama crowding out niche posts and dominating the front page, certain categories of drama face greater scrutiny and greater rates of removal.     your post fell into one of these categories and was not exceptional enough to be approved. see [here]([URL] for more information.       surplus drama categories include:      * racism drama   * gender wars   * social justice drama   * gun drama   * partisan pissmatches            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


clint eastwood is the fucking man and i will legitimately fight anyone who says otherwise.


>  was just hanging from the second floor      you just answered your own question.      how else are you going to get something large or odd shaped to the second floor of a factory?      please quit trying so hard to find race hate in everything. it's exhausting for both us and you i'm sure.


i said sometimes. i'd rather be property than dead.


thank you


isn't she a chick? lol. what happened?


i'm like 80% sure my dad felt that way about some of the animated movies i watched growing up. i know for a fact he knows every word of "can you feel the love tonight", and he has said he wants to see the lion king remake. i'm fairly certain he was into shrek, too.       hell, there are some current animated movies that i know he loves. he's seen coco multiple times and swears it's "too mature to really be a kid's movie".      i don't see that as a bad thing at all, personally. i love animation.


normies: reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee


what have white people got to do with the whole jussie situation? a black man hired two black men to beat him up. i mean that's not even mental gymnastics anymore, that's mental quantum leaping.


holy shit, i assumed that i was juts about the only person left on earth who knew about that album.


the question isn't whether or not there will be retribution against "the right" (what/whom they perceive to be the right) the next time democrats obtain power. the question is how much of it.


one thing i've realized as this is happening and looking at different points of view is that this has nothing to do with benefiting the consumer. it's not like epic is providing a better service than steam. in fact, if you look at their capabilities, they are providing a lesser service (with less functions). the game and the content is the same. all of the benefits are for the developer. i mean if we look at the situation with taxis and ride shares, it's clear where the consumer is getting a better deal. so realistically, it's just an unpleasant situation but no unexpected. it's a business first and they go where the money is.       that being said competition is healthy when it drives businesses towards improvements. but that's not what epic is doing right now. they aren't even addressing the consumer, which is evident by their store being so unfinished. they are addressing the developers. once they have amassed enough clout in the business, they might start offering benefits to customers but right now, it's not about the public. it's about the gaming development industry.      i'll freely admit i never buy a game at launch. it has nothing to do with it being buggy or something like that. i just don't have the money. i have to wait until everything is released and on sale (even if it's an ok sale and not a great 75% sale). i've waited for borderlands 3 for this long. i can wait some more.


i only know the basics thanks to video games


jokes on you i didn't tweet about any of those things


can you send me her nudes


>  i feel like this sub is supposed be about laughing at neo nazi autists      \>being dumb to this extent       go back to plebbit... oh wait


you can really see the narcism and/or brainwashing these people have because i have never known a white person to give any shit about how dark-skinned a black person is.      do even racists think this way? i would assume it's all literally black and white to them.


based and redpilled


yeah but that would be racist. /s             the most disturbing thing to me is that the new york times publishes articles like this.


those images are a screenshot from a facebook post. and the title is a direct copy from the same post. he's just reuploading stuff from there it seems.      [URL]


aww i'm so so happy for you, honestly. so awesome.


i never read the manga from any place linked on reddit, or saw the manga discussion on reddit. but i did see it on mangahere or something, regarding one of the pussycats, i think tiger. one of those sites has a feature where you can comment directly on a page, they call them "tsukkomi" and they show up as short texts boxes on the page. can toggle on/off. they were not positive for the most part, when it was revealed they had an operation.


>geat real bruh, your 1200 rating is showing      lol gottem (no idea what that means, but i assume 1200 is a low rating)


my favorite had to be incestville, texas


nothing like that old time rock and roll


how do other nations allow them to carry out protest rallies like this? i don't think india will allow any kind of geo-political rally on its soil irrespective of the cause.


damn that's fucked, i appreciate the explanation!


three letters. dns


i just wish i knew someone who felt the same... and i probably do but i'll never know.


naw saruh's got hank hill butt but she's ok


nonono, you don't understand. you see, me abusing animals for the pleasure of the taste of their flesh is wholly moral and completely different from those evil immoral people who abuse animals for the pleasure of watching them fight, or die, or so on.


pls take me with you


[don't worry, he does]([URL]


voices are definitely heard after a user starts a friendly civil war in the unjerk thread regrading whether or not all games should have voiced protagonists.


how dare you forget samantha bee! every time an ad for her show pops up she has a picture of orange man or sarah huckabee and is making a "le hitler" joke.


i've always tried hard in things. in school, i studied every day and got good grades, tried to do volunteering, did student council and stuff, and did my best to be a generally nice person. but somehow, my friend was always better. she got similar grades without trying. she applied to the same scholarships that i did and got them all while i never got a single reply. everyone seems to like her. i notice that whenever we are in a conversation with someone else, they look at her and only glance at me occasionally (i know, this is not something regular people would notice). she is even better than me in a completely luck based phone game we play. i lose in every area of life. i know comparing myself to her this way is unhealthy and self-destructive, and that i should focus on improving myself instead. but i can't stop. i've started to resent her for always having it easier than me. now, on top of everything else, i feel like she's a better person than me for not hating her best friend.       i doubt anyone will care about this, but i just really wanted to get this off my chest after so long.


accurate


there was a calvin klein ad in which bella hadid kissed a relatively famous, female instagram avatar. people have taken to complaining that since bella hadid is confirmed straight, it's just "queer baiting" and offensive to lgbtq+ people as they didn't use a queer model for their ad.


dae america worse than nazi germany


profesor memerson starts merchandise with lobster sweaters - drama in comments


no, father's day is a time to give you dad a bottle of scotch, a card, and leave him alone to watch the game in peace. let dads have their goddamn day, stop trying to politicize it or get rid of it.


when i was in the fourth grade my mom homeschooled me.      or, in reality, she enslaved me and my siblings. my sister was her eldest, her precious artist, and my brother was her little angel, her precious baby and only boy.      she had two hands for two kids and i didn't fit in. she constantly put me down and physically beat me. once hitting me in the head with a frying pan because i didnt do the dishes right.      i got away from her finally, and for my graduation project i decided to do something based around child abuse         because of that emotional abuse that i went through, i thought less of my self and had a thin skin, always crying. and everyone called me sensitive, a crybaby, the little piggy who cried all the way home.          but i'm here to tell you that you're not alone. there are thousands of surveys and information online, and i think you need to start educating others because you're not sensitive, you're hurt and you need help, like i needed help. it can be different for you but you need people who support you. it hurts to think people are so cruel, but i was at the brunt end of it for a while, so i want you to know i'm here for you.      message me at any time, ask me questions, vent or rant to me. because, no, i may not have gone through the exact same thing, but i went through something close.      i hope you consider talking to me. it's always better to start off ranting online when you can hide behind a screen and let your emotions take over. i want your emotions to be valid, because everyone deserves to feel validated.


do people not understand that the aca was a bomb meant to implode the private heath insurance industry?


can we stop reposting this? this is the fifth fucking tine in 2 weeks


that's a great way to perforate your gi tract.


steemit is promising but also a ghost town now. functionality wise it's pretty cool though, like reddit but more like a blog site, so you can have pictures and video in your post (think instead of image and self post it's the two combined kind of like a html document).      it's run on a cryptocurrency where the upvotes and karma actually add up to a payout. naturally it is now 99% bot abuse and karma farming and the shittest shitposts you've ever seen, 1% actual users posting legitimately cool art stuff and of course circlejerking over this week's popular shitcoin.      the big draw of it, that is both also a huge disadvantage, is that no one can physically delete anything. it can be downvoted ("flagged") into oblivion and the frontend can be set up to expunge stuff below a score though, and there is no one there to intervene when someone does that. so that makes for a kind of shit culture where people are scared to upset the power users who can drop a -10 dollar flag on your post, or make a bot that auto flags everything. the idea of it is though that it's a monetisation model where the act of voting does a blockchain thing that makes more of that coin, and you get money from it (and the voter gets some as well called curation). in theory yeah that's great, in practice you need literally millions of upvotes from small steem power accounts to amount to anything, and there is nothing stopping some bully from running an account that does nothing but auto flag all submissions by someone.      but as far as hosting something up there goes it works super well at least lol. and if it were actually populated with a broad userbase it would counteract the problems i mentioned above. to some extent, because you can never really stop someone with power from abusing it.


y'all keep projecting these adjectives onto me, i never claimed to be any of those things.


right? it's the stuff done to the patients that was supposed to have driven them insane, not have them be insane from the start.


no, i mean actual infant murder


this much serious posting is boring


#r/imgoingtohellforthis   ---------------------------------------------   ^(for mobile and non-res users) ^|    [^(more info)]([URL] ^|    ^(-1 to remove) ^|    [^(ignore sub)]([URL]


technically you can be arrested but according to the article:   > though the union acknowledged it is against metro rules to eat on a train or in a station, hobson's statement also referenced an email from metro transit police chief ron pavlik sent may 8, ordering officers to "cease and desist from issuing criminal citations in the district of columbia for fare evasion; eating; drinking; spitting, and playing musical instruments without headphones until further advised."      > "understanding this email, our operator clearly was doing no wrong," the union statement said.      so while it's true it's something so minor there's actual cease and desist orders placed on following it through.


amen to that!


dayum u know so much about this shit its almost suspicious


euros and canadians who can't stop talking about america? well i never.


damn straight.


if the country is running into unprecedented debt because of it, did they really?


can i have a turn?


mccabe said that he thought trump was a russian agent lol


i'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:      - [/r/bestofguzman] [guzman got linked in srd]([URL]       *^(if you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([info](/r/totesmessenger) ^/ ^[contact](/message/compose?to=/r/totesmessenger))*


this deserves the front page. super wholesome.


incredible reddit archaeology work here op


lupin?


ask him if he's single


oooh of course, you jogged my memory there. yeah i remember now about the marketing aspect, i'm goddamn tired of all that crap, similar to battlefield v except not as much of a failure. thanks for the explanation.


> [URL]      fucking lol


psychologist jonathan haidt addressed this very question in a famous paper called the emotional dog and its rational tail. in this paper he observes that in some cases people "just know" things are right or wrong, but have no idea why. this makes it is difficult to give any good arguments if someone else doesn't agree.


> i could give two shits about anyone else besides myself.      this is the proper response regardless of whether you got a cut or not.


he should take a look at oldschoolcool. the top post right now is of a black priest expecting a visit from the kkk after registering to vote. he has a rifle in hand, and the klan stayed away.


chick-fil-a is open about their ties to christians. i think that's why the hate persists because there is a loud anti-christian movement in the us.


harvey is a real english name. so you are good there.


on the day they went quarentine, i saw people saying t_d had removed the 'report' button. is that real?


these people deserve each other. it's a shame they share the world with everyone else.


i'm not an /r/conservative user...


yeah your skin will absorb it all!


no racist ever stirred up folks against a group much more earnestly than this poster does      all your problems are because of "them"


honestly comparing it to me3 would be too generous, to me it's like loving me1-3 but then retroactively hating it all because andromeda comes out years later. at least your example is about a trilogy being ruined at the conclusion, but people who watched ot and pt star wars have 2 pretty complete trilogies that tell a neatly wrapped up narrative.


i mean, he has a gilding xi trophy on reddit, and i saw somewhere that you have to gild around 2000 times to get that.


leddit get out


that's another concession to the body and to our mortal natures, like sex.


r/political"humor" was proven to have a large number of russian troll accounts.


i definitely care about missing and murdered women of any ethnic background.      if you value a person's life more because of their ethnicity... you are a racist.


what the fuck are you people doing that needs penis inspection day every doc appointment?


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      **[rule 4a]([URL] do not post anything political.**       > political posts are almost always too serious, and even when there are not, the comments usually end up in a bunch of slap fights over which side is more right than the other. /r/socialjusticeinaction or /r/sjsucks are better subreddits for this.      ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


the competitive community used toxic!      it hurt itself in confusion...


# s e e t h i n g


i think he means that if you know they're pushovers, you can take advantage of that.


power-mod on r/historyporn has my account suspended for posting a picture of hitler playing with a dog


yes your tears *do* taste delicious. thanks!      *just realized that you're doing a bit


not gonna lie, i think preferring food that tastes like ass is a highly niche position and nobody should be surprised if anybody outside of that niche doesn't go for it.


this is what social justice became


a screenshot of an instagram post of a facebook screenshot posted onto a tumblr subreddit... hm.


good timing. lawlz fixed that issue.


i live in chicago. i understand how bad it is. at the same time, there is an apathy in the department & city leadership for actually dealing with the issue.


and those who didn't, get fucked. ec ad with t&c.


you mean like aliexpress?


no dumber than gay pride


yes, are you mentally well?


in the fandom from op's picture (overwatch) i commonly see hispanic, arabic etc. characters be drawn so dark that they could pass as nigerians. while making skin lighter seems to be a crime, there is no limit to how dark it can be. it's empowering!      the real fun started though when an arab character was drawn with asian features. suddenly they couldn't agree anymore whether this was good or bad. another time there was "problematic" fanart of an arab character but it was drawn by a chinese artist so suddenly black and asian tumblr users were fighting each other over a character that's neither black nor asian.


he wasn't ever in control, but he was the smart founder. there is a reason the site has been technologically stagnant for years.


is it sexist and w o k e to use 'they/them' to address a "feminine man?" old but spicy drama in r/bgcr .


what the hell is wrong with these people?


could you sue the fence in small claims court or something?


the canadians are better warriors than us


there are some places where it's not really as true about (i believe areas like southern florida or socal fit there). though in my mind it mostly comes out when there's big shifts - eg, when it snows, then two-three days later it's in the 80s.


that's how i took it? i felt bad even shitting on it but like asd and the struggles associated are not easy right? i feel like going down this sort of rabbit whole would just confuse them even more depending on where the were on the spectrum. life is already hard enough but no unfortunately this blog is a serious blog...it's so toxic to people in the lgbtq community. like just normal people tryna live there fucking lives are getting dragged into this stupid fucking nonesense.


chitta depends, it can mean coke or pure heroin which is light brown


m 2 din se aakr ye bolna chahta tha ki punjab has a heroine problem not cocaine but isi sub k mod ne mera account suspend kr dia


we know. we're just being polite.      not trying to be a dick but when one eye doesn't move at all, it's obvious.      but it's not disgusting or anything, we just know.  you still good lookin


f


lol, it wasn't even saying anything about hitler as a person


i don't want to edit my comment, so      here's the hour of c-span: [URL]      and the quotation i copy pasta'd came from barry goldwater:      [URL]      he wrote the *the conscience of a conservative*  in 1960.      [URL]


and just about every royal blood line in europe lol. hapsburgs represent      ck2 taught me just how incesty the world was at one point among the elite.


i think we stumbled across ana kasparian's account!


shame on the parents for raising such a weak piece of shit.       this is one of the most pathetic things i've ever read.


right wing government.


it was just a dream all along anon.


some dopey janitor was like "doop de do, i'll just use this to raise my cleaning bucket to the top of my ladder..."


i hated this. not because of the moderation, i get that. but it's just aggravating to have to scroll through pages and pages of "[removed]" trying to find any answer to the question. i just unsubbed.


this post answered itself


just want to confirm you wrote /r/political, which isn't the same sub (assuming that's a typo)?


the thing i find surprising about literacy tests is that they probably could be brought back without constitutional problems. sure, the supreme court has stopped states from using literacy tests to keep racial minorities from voting. for example, it wasn't ok for southern states to combine impossible to pass literacy tests [like this one]([URL] with grandfather clauses that said if your grandfather was eligible to vote (i.e. not a slave) then you could wave the impossible test. but literacy tests applied without racial discrimination have always [been upheld]([URL]      it was a law, specifically the voting rights act of 1965, that banned literacy tests, not some supreme court ruling. and really, that national ban is probably on shakier constitutional grounds than any neutrally applied literacy test.       so yeah, i still don't think it's a good idea because people would immediately abuse their power to write the test questions, but it would only take a change in legislation to bring the tests back.


ahhh three arrows, his arguments were shit, but he didn't deserve to get the banhammer.


when angry linguists attack      this also seems like it'd be best saved for a sunday or r/tumblrinaction.


i've unsubscribed from some subreddits because the posts were lame and off-point. i'm considering unsubscribing from this sub for the opposite reason.


sure, but a lot of the criticisms are disingenuous. the invasion of privacy stuff was people not understanding anti-cheat measures. the tecent stuff ignores that every fucking gamer runs discord. and the laundry list of other "well steam has this" ignores that steam was terrible for years (and is still pretty garbage). i don't think "not having reviews" is a fair reason to get mad at a game dev for using a platform that gives them more money.      i paid my dues and installed steam when it sucked because i needed to so i could play half life 2. i've installed uplay and origin and rolled my eyes when i needed to then as well. but it's hard to take any of these criticisms of epic beyond anything other than "fortnite bad."


श्री राम जी : am i joke to you.


the right cannot meme. /r/latestagecapitalism


yeah i saw that he made a post in the jobs subreddit about getting fired, and there was a similar write up about how op was this helpless victim of the evil corporation and so on and so forth.


thing is you're not actively receiving anyone's "rating" of you. so really the only one privy to your "disapproval" rating is yourself.


children are the future.


at some point some of these people are going to realise that their obsession with race is ... racist.      >today, african-americans make up about 13 percent of the population, but hold only 2.6 percent of the country's wealth      i tried to do some research, but it's too complex for 1am.      i was wondering exactly where the majority of blacks in the us live, because i recall reading that they are most likely to be resident of cities which have long been dominated by the democratic party. in which case isn't that an indication that the democrats have failed to do right by them?


original, i think:      [URL]


best i can tell in the states its like "hyper goofball"


living in germany for 2 years really showed me how poorly americans train their dogs.


i really can't tho.


according to revddit they blocked me with automod,      [[URL]


apparently this person knows about the deeply-seeded sexism in razor blades but not how to end a fucking sentence.


every time i see shit like this it makes me want to go to chick-fil-a. then i remember i'm allergic to chicken.


damn, dude came within a fucking hair of having a shred of self awareness. maybe next time.


notice the lack of kids?


because it isn't about supporting the developers.      it is about supporting steam and the cult of gaben.


chapos can't even get banned they are so harmless


i mean accounting contains math, but math isn't really the difficult part of it. it's more so about....organization? that might not be the right word, but nothing else is jumping out at me at the moment.


anon speaks the eternal truth


i have a question. why would anyone use that godawful font?


catch a few rhymes so motherfuckers remember where the thought is. i bought all this. so you can survive when the law is lawless.


a very weird exchange [URL]      > > > when you get downvoted to hell but it's ok because you have hella karma.      > > 36k is not "hella karma"         > "36k is not hella karma" shut up nerd.


right? they use a quote that explains a context as a justification when it's not. newell isn't saying that if service is bad you should pirate - he's saying that piracy results from a given circumstance. but people think that means certain circumstance = free reign to take that shit for free woo hoo!      no. that's childish. i wish that i could say for certain that everyone defending piracy was a acne popping fifteen year old, but there's so many 30-40 year old assholes who are actually this entitled that i know i can't say that.


every time you see him running up the steps to an aircraft.  it is strictly prohibited.  besides it is not as if his seat will be taken away.  is he so keen to get out of india?


ah alright l, i had no idea. i've edited my comment so i hopefully don't seem like a total moron.


eragon: new beginnings


pretty sure jesus is going to burn the whole place to the ground when he comes back but ok.


sorry to hear you're struggling with this! yeah i need to practice the phone thing. i feel guilt for even doing that.


explain this meme.


yeah but can you see your own dick when you take a piss?


ironically, no communists were actually killed by the salvadoran troops during el mozote.  just protestant evangelical men, women, and children.


wiggler>>>pauline


indigenous to where?


the only thing that can't touch heatran is your attidude


**martin luther king jr.**      martin luther king jr. (january 15, 1929 – april 4, 1968) was an american baptist minister and activist who became the most visible spokesperson and leader in the civil rights movement from 1955 until his assassination in 1968. born in atlanta, king is best known for advancing civil rights through nonviolence and civil disobedience, tactics his christian beliefs and the nonviolent activism of mahatma gandhi helped inspire.      king led the 1955 montgomery bus boycott and in 1957 became the first president of the southern christian leadership conference (sclc).      ***      **civil rights movement**      the civil rights movement (also known as the american civil rights movement and other terms) in the united states was a decades-long struggle with the goal of enforcing constitutional and legal rights for african americans that other americans already enjoyed. with roots that dated back to the reconstruction era during the late 19th century, the movement achieved its largest legislative gains in the mid-1960s, after years of direct actions and grassroots protests that were organized from the mid-1950s until 1968. encompassing strategies, various groups, and organized social movements to accomplish the goals of ending legalized racial segregation, disenfranchisement, and discrimination in the united states, the movement, using major nonviolent campaigns, eventually secured new recognition in federal law and federal protection for all americans.      after the american civil war and the abolition of slavery in the 1860s, the reconstruction amendments to the united states constitution granted emancipation and constitutional rights of citizenship to all african americans, most of whom had recently been enslaved.      ***      ^[ [^pm]([URL] ^| [^exclude ^me]([URL] ^| [^exclude ^from ^subreddit]([URL] ^| [^faq ^/ ^information]([URL] ^| [^source]([URL]   ^]   ^downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28


i'm just waiting for the new reddit to come along. if it does. a site like reddit was 5-8 years ago. all the new ones that pop up just seem to be far right echo chambers.


can we get some hints?


it's got a \wy pipo tag, yeah it's fake as fuck


what about missing and murdered people regardless of race or gender?


within the first two days at every job i've ever worked at, i knew where every camera was in my store/shop.  what a dolt.


cops are evil and only want to kill poc      also, guns are evil, why wouldnt you just call the cops???


of course they're seething, they never work, so they never saw the extra money they never earned.


> everyone knows flamethrower is a shit move      shithead uses fire blast!      but it failed!


i feel like it was my fault my foster kitten died


there's an alternate reality where political correctness is still the domain of fundamentalist christians, and the verge is questioning why anyone would allow satanic imagery in their game so "pointlessly".


do you...need them?


  from her washington times article: "imagine a powerful man as a ship, like the titanic. that ship is a huge enterprise. when it strikes an iceberg, there are a lot of people on board desperate to patch up holes"      it seems in this case it was more a case of the iceberg striking the titanic, and not the other way around.


op is  a republican.


yeah not like he was an active conservationist or anything. great guy died too young.


its ok when they do it tho


this is what i'm here for


i will talk to the next pm


i am literally shaking rn, can you guys please help me in choosing which is the best country to emigrate to?


that guy's gonna end up on the alt-right when he realizes they have far fewer hangups about dehumanizing people.


holy shit... genius


r/emojipasta


lol they'd freak out about the lack of minorities and just assume that it meant everyone in that universe was white and straight.


imo it has more effect with an incumbent party rather than an opposition party, which it was at the time


fuck. okay, i'll play along.      damn you, sonny. you respect your elders right this instant, or eisenhower's gonna give you a hollerin! martha? martha? martha i can't find my dentures, martha.


it was didi's go to dialogue


it's insane that post got 35k upvotes. the comment is clearly rhetorical and not an actual suggestion. the anti-vegan circlejerk on reddit is nuts.


lovely professional university


good question. no one seems to care about them for some reason.


i can understand and accept being wrong, but [posting images of possible proof]([URL] and being met with an [instant ban in both subs]([URL] instead of refuting points isn't exactly what reddit was known for.


yeah fun gif, i liked it. nice looped "ruin this guys whole career" guy gif down lower.


source?


i honestly believe in the total extinction of humanity through nuclear weapons to end the cycle of death and suffering. but yes, we should just kill ourselves.


which movie?


we are borg and assimilate all cultures and technology. comply.


background: 21 years old, chubby, friendless, haven't kissed a girl or even held her hand yet. i feel like i've missed out on a lot of things i should've had experienced by now & that it's probably too late to catch up.      every day is as boring as the previous one. if someone was looking at me all day, all they would see would be some fat guy sitting in front of a gigantic screen with a poker face.      it's sad, man. every year i feel like it's too late to change, only to regret not having tried one year later. i wish i could go back in time and tell 17 years old me that no, it's not too late to get in shape, as you'll still wish to be ripped when you're 21. or go back and tell 18 years old me that it is too early to give up any hopes of ever kissing a girl or having a social life. the list goes on. but sadly, i can't change my past.      what's even more depressing is that it is pretty much entirely my fault. yes, i do have overprotective parents, but i should have done something. if only i had told them to fuck off whenever they asked where i was going, with who, and that endless amount of questions they asked (and still ask) me every time i opened the door, my life could have been a lot more different.      nowadays, i often act against my own interests solely out of fear. for example: some weeks ago, i messaged a girl i had been texting for around a month (i don't know if i like her as a friend & it's just my mind playing tricks on me because of my inexperience or if i actually like her romantically) at around 3 am and since i didn't get an answer half an hour later i decided to pop some sleeping pills and head to bed.      right after waking up, i saw her reply. she answered 10 minutes after i knocked myself out. said she was at some club and told me to drop by if i wanted. a few minutes later, she mentioned that she was going to the beach later if i wanted to go. and that she was leaving the town we both were at at a certain hour.      what did i do? i saw the message an hour before she said she would leave (in the notification panel with my phone in flight mode so she wouldn't know i saw it) and answered an hour after she left with some crappy excuse as to why i couldn't answer earlier. even though i really wanted to see her.      my lack of social skills angers me. i know i would've done the exact same thing if i hadn't gone to bed before her reply. why? because i fear that my awkwardness would drive her away. especially at a nightclub (only went three times to one, none of them were 'successful' nights at all). the beach was also a terrifying idea because in addition to having zero social skills, i'm not happy with my body at all.      it's not that i'm an introvert. socializing tends to make me happier and more energetic for the rest of the day. it kills me when i find something funny on the internet and i have no one to share it with. or when i want to go to the movies or something and i have no one to go with. i dislike being by myself most of the time. i'd love to have a group of friends to go out and have fun with. or even go on vacations with, like some do. but since i tend to bore people on one-on-one conversations and i usually get kind of ignored when in a group, it looks like an unattainable goal. and i'd love to go to nightclubs, but i don't have the social skills to really enjoy it.      i've recently tried to lose weight again, successfully. lost 6% bodyfat but i 'gave up' again two weeks ago. i'm struggling once again with the false belief that it's too late to improve. that the door has already closed. the same dumb questions arise: "why would i want to be ripped at 22? will i even be able to catch up with social skills? will it even be worth it?".      any advice is welcome.


i'm sorry if you misunderstood my questions as implications. that's why i asked them. some people (non-disabled) just want someone to provide for them so they don't have to be adults. (again, not implying.)      with that being said, i do understand the long haul thing. of course, we all want that. it's human fucking nature. and it sucks that you got your heart broken. i have too. and for similar reasons.      i read through your posts and i realize you're just ranting, and that this is the place for that. catharsis is good. but i really was looking for clarification on your point of view.       and to also say like these other folks that i really do get it, and that you're not alone.


christ, what an asshole.


there was a podcast episode about an arab running for congress somewhere in nyc in a heavily democratic area. the podcast hosts were surprised that the white democrats in this area, who are coming at it from a union/labor perspective, were not willing to vote for an arab. forget flyover country - the "coastal elite" are completely disconnected from blue collar democrats in their own city.


they can shut r/atethepasta down. it's peaked.


and of course, the entire internet quickly picked up on using "autistic" as an insult, so we got that to deal with.


what a surprise they don't understand actual bravery, like being in the military


are italians of a caucasian persuasion, if not i'm mixed race


the original photo makes a lot of sense, its a parody of trump excluding muslims from entering the country "until we can figure out what's going on" the poster doesn't even get it


idk, maybe they're feeding the troll ironically? that sub seems weird.


##alive today      #alive today      alive today


we are everywhere, we are inevitable.


lol, the last time i read some vegan drama on here, srdines confidently told me that real vegans don't avoid honey, that's kook talk.


the milkshake menace continues


r/murderedbywords


that's what my baby said


how did chainmail make it in to reddit ffs.


yeah kids hate tendies


50 cent becomes 48 cent after sharing his 2 cents on the eternal "are t-slurs g-slur" question


this is exactly what digg was like. it was whoever the power user there was (it's been so long) that had like half the front page there. site went dead for being too corporate. hopefully reddit also dies but probably won't. back then, digg was only able to appeal to nerds. so nerds wised up and left en-mass. now that reddit is basically buzzfeed, that isn't a problem and this site will probably be riddled with ad-ware and rip-off products in a few years.


or r/cptsd


citation, as they say, needed.       especially considering they employ gay and trans people, and even have at least one gay owned franchise.


and if you tweet about all those things, but not about children dying of starvation in africa then you're a racist i guess? :)


there are a few ways to go about disproving a literary theory. for instance if the story was written before star trek was a thing. you could look for whether red has a stronger connection to something else, or if it's colors in general.      just make a stronger argument. "it's coincidence" is basically the null hypothesis and it doesn't make for great discussion because you can assume that about any claim, but it can still be accurate. you just need to have an argument for *why* you think it's coincidence. you put in the work to show exactly how the evidence provided is flimsy or the connection weak.      >it's really hard to prove them wrong, even if they don't have any evidence or compelling reason.       if the argument and evidence is really that weak it shouldn't be all that difficult to demonstrate it. tell them *why* the evidence is weak. is the color red used elsewhere besides shirts? was the story written before star trek was a thing, etc.       part of literary analysis is being able to articulate arguments against other theories and supposing your own.


my local pizza place is run by chinese, should i stop going and consider it chinese food?


[hmm yes this does a little familar]([URL]


leave and never come back


you time travel?


wow, you wanted to share a table with her on the first date? yta i am fucking shaking rn you sick fuck


> nation founded on being the polar opposite      yeah, the polar opposite of europe, whose 2,000+ year recorded history of absolutely sucking was the inspiration for the bill of rights which, 200+ years later, *they still haven't fucking figured out.*


how?its a low tier joke. unless ur being sarcastic


*10 minutes later* "why won't anyone date me"


my gf is high functioning autistic, so this really really pisses me off.


if you're rich enough, you can do whatever the hell you want.      but only a mr. burns or a pointy-haired-boss would be greedy/stupid enough to do that.


king shit


read those comments, they are so unaware.


that's true but i'll take a rino of an aoc type


when you constantly complain about not enough queer representation in the media, but then still aren't happy when lgbtq+ is represented because the models used "aren't queer". its an ad people its not that deep


hey wires77! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * there is not enough drama to merit an srd submission.      the links may be more of a circlejerk, or people melodramatically agreeing with each other, than drama, or the drama present may be very mild or short.      please wait and see if things develop further, or look for a subthread with more drama. make sure you're linking with the proper context.      events such as "x sub was hacked" or "y sub was made private" are not drama in and of themselves - do not just link to a subreddit that was taken over. if there are dramatic happenings around the takeover, please make a self post and include links to drama that users can read.            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


i pay for medicare in taxes now so i'll get it when i'm older hopefully. same with schools. many things are pay it forward and i'm ok with that.


looking through, most of it is pretty civil.      except for this little comment of yours:   >just like feminism is a female supremacist movement?      terfs are female supremacists. feminism in of itself is out. although terfs/farts often squeeze their way into feminist groups, which is annoying for everyone and often leads to a mass ban-wave and a restart of that group.


>  then in their star trek discovery videos, they chastise the show for not being like the star trek of their youth.       do they chastise the show for *not* being that? from what i remember they mention quite often how they do want a show in the style of tng but know that it's not going to happen and tend to criticize everything else about std that *isn't* that.


goat


i think you just take pleasure in perpetuating your fatalistic spiral here.      that's fine, do what floats your boat, just don't advocate genocide or suicide in the process. don't pretend like you can't fathom or accept that others would want to live their lives a different way.


just because they are respected doesn't mean they aren't biased or hiding parts of the truth. it's not by accident that only 6% of the public trusts the media.


saidit is imo the best alternative available. the only downside is it has only like 4500 users but has been growing faster since reddit banned r/wpd and the threat to ban r/piracy.


i got a 20 dollar cut      thanks


apparantly he tied a noose around the ray's, uhh...neck? do they have necks? and poured bleach on him and yelled "this is croc country, nigger!" the ray struck his heart 800 times in rapid succession in self defense.


+73? what the fuck is wrong with this subreddit? only a bunch of unredeemable degenerates would upvote such a lame insult just because he shoehorned the op's username into the "joke."      > sounds like [USER] spent too much of his childhood having actual bricks dropped on his head. don't feed the trolls, kids.


interesting as fuck?


oh no, hwite genocide is real because some people live somewhere, pack it up it's all over


yep


>i love reminding the salty far right trolls here that their midwestern hometowns are literal shitholes.      i'm sure nyc is an exciting place to live but i suspect it also has a higher amount of people shitting in public than any midwestern city.


so i messaged the mods asking why the ban.       this is a transcript of our discussion.       >the highlighted parts are what they said to me.             >>no, you thought no such thing. the fact that you immediately posted to brag about your ban to a toxic troll subreddit proves this.       i just like to bring attention to things i find unfair.       if you disagree with me you could have easily made your argument.       but instead you resorted to silencing.       and you know what they say about cutting out a man's tongue.       you're not proving me wrong. you're just proving to the world that you're afraid of what i have to say.       i was just letting the world know.       >>you thought you were "pwning the libs". and there are plenty of subreddits for you to do so.       actually i genuinely thought i was having a decent conversation.       one other user even commented that they wanted to start following my posts because they thought what i had to say was interesting.         


not the right crowd to have that kind of discussion though.      any sign of respecting a woman and it devolves to what you see in the thread.


bad skin      uhhh what do you mean?


things that make you go hmm.


i bet this hero isn't even a true fan of etruscan language, as a true fan would have a boar vessel 600-500 bce etruscan ceramic.


in defense of the chair, an improv bit channeling a 60s gig on that big a stage, that still caught imagination? pretty good for what it was. from a performance standpoint, it deserved some respect.


oh its offensive to women who can't have children?      then you're prolife, because abortion would also be offensive, right?


it's funny how his entire comment just gets destroyed by one link in response to it that isn't addressed at all.


are you not entertained? is this not why you are here?


seriously, just start only writing about your own race. or don't even describe racial characteristics. then sit back and watch heckin' diverse ya choke to death and whither within 2 years.


when you can't argue the topic and attack someone's appearance you've already lost.


it's an 8 year old in a clown wig, mr. bot.


what makes a person write something like this? i don't like certain aspects about the u.s.a but i will still defend her proudly. why can't they do the same?


that's your problem, no one else's then, isn't it?      you're not incapable of it, just unwilling to see something else. you don't have to accept it, but the stubborn unwillingness is what will prevent you from ever solving your problem or evolving your viewpoint.      i can understand your fatalism, nihilism, i just don't agree with it much less accept it for myself - particularly because you haven't provided a valid or convincing rationale.


asians: largely credited with creating weapons of finesse such as katanas, and most martial arts.          no dex bonus.          you sure 'bout that?


reddit gold, i guess


burn your house down


>yogi n baba ramdev as not a sanyasi      are they sanyasi though ? baba ramdev has been on the forefront of popularising yoga for the past decade and now has been involved in patanjali. meanwhile yogi adityanath has been a member of parliament for a long time and is now the cm of up. in what way are they still sanyasis ? i thought sanyasis showed their devotion to god through prayers and tapasya, i doubt baba ramdev does that or believes himself to be a sanyasi.


aye, the same way we took out [USER]


i love how the people that do the "slamming" are almost always not people in the artists audience to begin with


the internet was a fucking mistake


umm excuse me sweaty how are you supposed to hit a phaseshifting devil w/ regular bullets


also, don't forget, fema are the bad guys.       seriously, the game is a right wing conspiracy theorist's wet dream


imagine what you could do with 5000 live elephants      you'd be a force of nature


they couldn't stain swastika for us and never will they be able to stain aryavarta nor any other hindu words i.e as long as we fight back.      i just want modi to win the election with 2/3 majority, build the great indian firewall and make indian alternative to such sites ala china.


better in what ways?


studying these disciplines in a formal, academic setting i presume?


just don't get high? people react to things differently. i would get paranoid when high, so i stopped getting high. it was just not an enjoyable experience for me.


did you read the sticky from two hours ago, sweaty? the thread is blowing up again.


no this is too weak


imagine being white and still being catholic


ravish dalle kumar ki gand phat gai hai.   the messiah of khan market gang


>and trust that whoever is being endorsed by the party has my interests at heart.      and then you end up with rinos in office.


i completely lost it with this one, said in all apparent seriousness:      > first of all honey ain't vegan sweatie, next time call me agave.


no worries.  just mental illness.


why? it wasnt super bad, this just seems like censorship


i'm pretty big on third positionism and i don't understand why marxists are the only ones who get a bottomless supply of mulligans.


paradox paypig


accountants, auditors and registered nurses aren't exactly what one would consider stem.


this is a rabbit hole and a half.  there is extensive evidence that this is not a troll.  his post history is tied to his gfs.  she showed up in the comments of his self-post.  so unless he set all this up over a huge period of time this is 100% legit.


what can i do then?


> for far too long we have lived with the discomfort of being a second-class citizen and, frankly, i'm tired of it, and every single muslim in this country should be tired of it. cair was founded after 9/11 because they recognized that some people did something and that all of us were starting to lose access to our civil liberties. so you can't just say that today someone is looking at me strange and that i am trying to make myself look pleasant. you have to say that this person is looking at me strange, i am not comfortable with it, and i am going to talk to them and ask them why. because that is the right you have.      here's the context.  disregarding the issue that most of what she said in that paragraph is wrong, please explain what's changed by the context.  is she not referring to the terrorist attacks on 9/11 as "some people did something"?


preemptive self defence.


by sweeping it under a rug and pretending it never happens ⬛


carl is not traveling anymore as he was brutally shot to death by police when crossing the border of israel


frankenstein's monster is firephobic.  if you're against firephobics, you're experimentphobic


it's a term used a lot in ta nehesi coates' (sorry for butchering the spelling) book that was widely praised so idk if he got that from somewhere or it started with him. it feels weird to me and that entire book felt very weird to me and i was a little shocked that it was received so positively idk.


why are you against chik-fil-a? why do the personal views of the owner matter at all?


i know when i go to bigtitmodels i'm always surprised that it's nsfw!


but nothing can top "i pirate it to try it out and then maybe buy the best ones again later".


block


every jojo-part is good or atleast, still enjoyable and has still something great in it.      part 4 is worst cause araki rekt joseph by making him an adulterer and useles, old man, while part 5 was mismanaged with a stand so op, araki had to cheese him out of the story and abilities of giorno that were just completely scrapped later on, while becoming a heal bot later.      jesus christ, i cant believe im still triggered from the bad shit in part 4 & 5.


[these people]([URL] estimated the gold required to get gilding xi at just under 2000.


those arent even his issues. it's a wokeness contest, the person who virtue signals the most is the most woke.


yes!


that movie was way better than you could expect it to be.      not saying it was super amazing in a vacuum, but as a movie based on the rampage video games...


first comment is literally a barista making 9$ an hour hahaahahaha


the stuff you treat it with is in the brainball.


>block me then, nig.       they just can't resist


yeah, maybe liu bei shouldn't have played nba 190ce with his baby if he didn't want his kid to grow up an idiot      either way it's probably apocryphal, and bear in mind that eunuchs in the shu han court were instrumental in corrupting liu shan, same as in the han dynasty before this whole thing started


those who say that they will pirate it and buy it once it comes to steam maybe should consider just waiting? why pirate it if you'll pay anyways


whut ezzz youar prooooobilem


anon cannot be tricked


gracias ;)


the threshold for a guilty decision is beyond a reasonable doubt, the threshold for responsible party is a preponderance of the evidence.        the district attorney dropped the criminal charges. that's the state attorney.  the city is sueing him in civil court.  different court, different standards, different lawyers.  it's not the state of illinoise vs smollett it's the city of chicago vs smollett and here they're looking for money not criminal charges.        same thing that happened with oj simpson.


> 2,029 cm^3


borderlands 3 is supposed to be on steam, like all the bl games. i'm not pirating the game, but i'll have to get it for ps4 even though i was looking forward to playing it on pc. seriously, fuck epic games.


go to sleep bro you're not well


this is bakchodi, not a fact checking sub. also, british india had the largest empire out of the all three.


as someone who moved out of the us, and married to a woman from another country, i still have to live there ten years to get citizenship. this is not a smart plan.


i don't know, both subreddits talk about aliens constantly and worship an insane boomer. have you considered that anti-dmt people are the real pro-dmt people?


polar, in case anyone's wondering


oh damn that sucks


i knew it! i knew nyt is a failing fake news source long ago!      i actually don't really care whether i got a tax cut or not, since i don't really make enough to see the difference.      on the other hand, i actually have some co-workers who believed trump is going make them pay more taxes (they're liberals, too), so i may be able to have some fund when i bring the news to them tomorrow.


ironic how people like them will typically be the ones throwing the word bigot around when they fit the definition the best


the guy talking about all the -ologies is **not** the men's lib homie, he's the mrm homie. men's lib are the ones who get along with feminism (sometimes controversially, but oh well) and accept gender studies. mrms are the ones calling most -ologies bullshit.


not just that, julian assange had a cat in the embassy he wouldn't take care of and clean the litter box of.


i'm sure the anti vaxxers aren't helping the situation but our mayor is refusing to even acknowledge the issue of the homeless spreading disease. most outlets refused to even cover the typhoid thing and they're saying that they can't even afford to fumigate city hall. not enough money in the budget.   l.a. is a complete shit show.


hell no brother. cheers from iraq.


inshallah


man mental illness is a bitch.


man, could you imagine being privileged enough to complain about things that don't effect you on the internet?


eh, i can totally believe some people bought this. there were some people who really, really hated obama and were nearly about as willing to believe any negative story about him as r/politics does about trump. the difference is that they largely didn't wish for democrats to be assaulted in the streets or executed.


where are you meeting all these people named ripon?


yeah i need you to think about this for a second. why would anyone not identify as their birth sex without dysphoria?       checkmate their entire agurment is going to come down like a fucking stack of dominos       either way they move they are going to be wrong


jesus christ that is a lot of gildings.      i wonder how much server time that paid for?


*light hearted joke about white people*      white people: yeah well that's why you never met your father you fucking cunt


this is what marketing people call 'razors and blades'. the profit margin is in the blades, but you don't make any money off of them if you don't have a good razor. for theaters, the movies are the razors and concessions the blades.      it's technically correct to say they "make more" off concessions, but you can't sell a $10 bucket of popcorn if you don't have a good movie playing at the same time, so on the whole it's misleading.


i'm glad i wasn't the only one.


piracy is not stealing.      why do you get so butthurt, when people download shit for free?


there was some old k-drama (city hall, i think?) where the guy brags to everyone about how he knows obama personally.  but then it's revealed that "obama" is just the stage name for a guy at a host club who has big ears.  those were the days.


don't you speak that evil into existence


and toothpaste hair?


you can't delete a subreddit.


this is my problem with bullshit shows like adam ruins everything. they get to spread their complete lies and when confronted their response is always: it's just a comedy show; or alternatively, well it's only a half hour long we couldn't cover **every** issue. bullshit it's all carefully tailored propaganda disguised as comedy and they never have to defend themselves because when they're wrong it's just exaggeration for the sake of comedy. when they're right it's true gospel and ne'er another word be said against it.


probably because of the 10 thousand "y'all" lmao


thank you. this is expressing (more eloquently) what i was trying to say. and i don't do it for the thank you, i do it because i want a thank you. i write lengthy responses to try to help people but i enjoy getting a response back or at least an acknowledgment of my attempt to help. even if it is just a simple two word "thank you".


send them a big black square. can't get any darker than that.


what last time?


best mexican food i've ever had was this little shack over in southeastern minnesota.  120 miles away from the mexican neighborhoods in the twin cities...   ran by an old norwegian lady.  and it could hold their own with the rest of those restaurants or even beat them (i'm looking at you, tacocat over in the midtown global market)


i miss the early/late 2000s


you should actually listen to her doing this questioning.  it is obvious she has absolutely no idea what she is talking about, and the questions were prepared for her by a 20 year old marxist who has no knowledge of geopolitical history.  it's pretty obvious they would prefer that the entirety of central and south america was under control of more people like maduro.


why are cosmetology and nursing vastly dominated by women? sexism, obviously


> when most males are pressured to become doctors or emts over nurses, which is still viewed as a feminine career overall by quite a lot of people, the field being 91% women doesn't really mean anything to me.      yeah... a situation where most nurses are women and most doctors are men doesn't quite seem like a shining example of gender equality.


it's a non-offical secondary sub for the joe rogan experience podcast


it comes under social science.


  edit: you'll have to go to ceddit or removedreddit to get the original.      [original pic/allegation]([URL] there was another pic with it claiming that they "wrote it out to vent" they "didn't mean it" amd "accidentally hit send" and "if you need anything to call us [them]". i'm obviously paraphrasing, but there you go.      [URL]         this is wonky as hell. all anyone has by way of proof are 2 screenshots and ops word. supposedly the ceo (or whatever, unsure if his title) answered in the thread- sort by controversial and it's like 3-10 comments down- but he *seems to* talk quite similar to op.       i'm not saying that it's 100% that the op is lying but this looks, sounds, and **feels** really off to me and i think it bears watching. though it may not matter as they're review bombing the business ([and review bombing the wrong business location in some cases]([URL] super important as these are franchises, they don't own all the businesses that have that name. they've also ran them off almost every single social media platform they're active on.      fwiw i've reported to the mods and they got back to me quickly and told me they'd take care of it. (i sent a pm w my report) im trying to message the admins but i'm on the reddit app and i'm unsure how to do that, or if there's even a "contact admins" button. i can't really blame the mods if they didn't know it was going on and that thread if a mammoth, it's huge.          thoughts? feelings? ideas? am i way off?      edit: [a user claimed after they left their (fraudulent) review the store answered with this statement]([URL] obviously made a while ago but i just missed it. they state a disgruntled ex employee hacked their insta and sent this. **my personal opinion** is that he "hacked" their insta (aka guessed the password) and did this himself. "none would dare oppose us! muh hahahahahahahaha *twists handlebar mustache*" is a little too much for me.      as you can see i'm quite interested in this!         (not directly linking or cross posting to avoid brigading, witch hunts, and harassment (as if that's not already going on) or *accusations of* brigading etc etc. too many subs being banned and quarantined and i can't imagine we're high up in reddits list of "advertiser friendly" subs.)


we're still fighting the civil war, if we're being honest. you have a large population of mostly southern, racist, nationalist, religious people who have finally succeeded, not at cessation, but at infiltration. [3.3k]


someone get me my rake.


what it appears you have is, a left wing version of donald trump. her campaigning methods are the same. say wild things to attract the media bees. race bate to play one group off of another. rage at that other! have a plan of action (all politicians should do this) though the plan is radical and goes against the culture we have and structure of gov't we have. lefty donald trump.


thinking a "fancy restaurant" is 50 bucks a plate.       have fun at red lobster.


what's your field?


yeah that's the double standard.


you would be surprised, from my personal experience services like steam have made it so much better to buy a game that most pirates prefer to own the games.      or at least that is what i've seen in my country.


there are two kinds of hard -        ahem, let me rephrase that.       there are two different reasons that getting into a course is difficult - required results (med school) and limited places.       to get into law school here in the uk, as far as i know, you basically have to have a first in a law undergraduate degree.       to get into royal academy of dramatic arts you need to shine at your audition- thousands apply for a small number of places.       the trick is to realise this is basically the same reason


correction: it's *plotting to rape a child*. how do you arrange to have sex with a child? wtf?


any other questions? i don't recall anyone asking a question in the first place...


oh man /r/redlettermedia.      i dared to ask if the sub could get a few more mods added, as the 2 that are there are a *teeny weeny* bit over zealous with banning people and removing posts.  for that, i got shadowbanned, then banned, then received taunts from the mod for about a week afterwards.      [URL]


bonus:      ["wish they'd sided with the constitution."]([URL]      these morons don't even hide how they defend illegal aliens...


this makes sense. but you never know man, so many dhimmis are among us.


i have this from atleast 2 weeks. btw what's app forward.      edit: don't have fb account


[sauce]([URL]


>the most disturbing thing to me is that the new york times publishes articles like this.      they spent the 1930s, their "golden age," caping for joseph fucking stalin.


that's because if you remove the "brown people bad" point from the right wing populists movements in europe, you're left with a party program which could have been written by maduro. just look at italy nowadays, which basically introduced ubi for the long-term unemployed and is on it's way to become greece 2.0 since they think increasing their deficit will boost their economy. and le pen in france calls unironically for the nationalizing of all banks and all energy companies. aoc would be proud of this program.      [[URL]


there's a saying in missouri, if you don't like the weather just wait five minutes. in blaine, with hard work, i think we can get that down to three or four minutes.


[[URL]


because plastic razors have never been marketed to men


something i don't see anyone really trying to reconcile is that one of the two, mccabe or rosenstein is lying.


don't you ever talk to me or my day laborers like that again!!'


i legit keep finding guys who love it. women do too. it's really popular.


because that's not edgy humor that's just being a piece of shit. being a dick isn't funny


hot take: i support the reagan administration's moves to stop the spread of communism in south america through what was known as the "iran-contra affair". the soviet union was attempting to create communist regimes in south america in a larger global effort against the united states, and we stopped the spread of communism in south america just like we did in asia.      why does the left have issues with our conflicts that involved communists? they almost sound like...communist sympathizers!


in light of recent events, i present you with an analogy.      you're at a party in an anonymous metropolitan city. your friend/romantic partner/family member dragged from whatever the fuck you're doing. now you're more pissed than a polygon reader.      so at the party, which is, let's say 25% lgbtqia (bare with me here) but are otherwise friendly like on tv. then a idea popped on your head.      it's about the 80s song "it's raining men."       you asked the people about the song. the usual suspects would tell you it's a iconic anthem in the queer community. if you play it in public, someone's coming out the next day.      you tell them you hate it. you remember hating that song since childhood.      so you had the bright idea to change what they think about it.      you tell them, "the song is about semen coming out" to much to their shock and horror. you tell them to look closer to the lyrics. reinterpret the lyrics to fit story you want them to see. you tell them that the song came at height of the aids epidemic and that in some nebulous way, is detrimental to the gay community. i tell them the song is everything negative that happened to them.      cue the angry stares and every urban dictionary insult thrown your way.      that doesn't matter. what does comes after. over time, a small minority of them will somehow agree with me. soon they tell people about it those close to them and them to others.       soon, it would spread to the internet. i don't need to tell what happens next. celebrities denounce, radio station remove. the whole rigmarole.       this isn't new. you probably know this. hell, the whole subreddit knows (amongst others) for all i know. hitler knew, stalin knew, ceaser knew.      that's how online journalism works.       how's that for a ted talk?


alexandria occasional-cortex


minimum protein standards per who, maybe? i ... i really wouldn't go by that in day to day life. those are meant to get people through serious food insecurity.


no, everything else in that post happened last episode.


i once bought a bottle of water for $.05 and sold it for $1. i guess i have more profit than amc and their measly 3 billion in profit.


yeah but when does their huge investment go into action? we all were up in arms at first a few weeks ago. but now post a negative comment on china and their investment goes right to work


guy here. majority of guys are not into that and don't do anything you aren't comfortable with.


literal "who" all 'round


shut it down


are these tumbler posts real?  i have never come across this much crazy in my life, if this is real....


i know this is two days old, but i'll give it a shot.      it comes from selective understanding. both of those points aren't necessarily contradictory depending on just how you're viewing them and how you're making those points.      the idea of piracy not being a lost sale comes from the idea that a number of people who pirate games would not buy it in the first place, and would only play it if they can pirate it. think teenagers without their own spending money, or people trying out a game because they *can* without paying, but wouldn't bother trying it if they had to pay for it. the idea of it potentially helping comes from these same people enjoying the game and recommending it to other people, who in turn actually pay for the game. along with some of the people who pirate it enjoying it to the point where they want to support the devs.      where this comes to potentially hurting the developers, well, the important phrase in the last paragraph is "a number of people". as we can see from these threads, the people who wouldn't buy it anyway aren't all of the people who pirate. they may not even be a large portion at all. for example, the people in this thread saying or implying they'll pirate it would otherwise buy the game if it was on steam. they're doing it to stick it to the man in their eyes, because they *are* lost sales. and they're using the fact they don't want to support the epic games store as a moral excuse.       essentially, they are valid points, assuming the "lost sale" defense is based in reality which i can't comment on. but a lot of these people just want any moral excuse to pirate games and will use whatever feels the most convenient. instead of just pirating and accepting it's wrong to do, but they don't care.


he's right you know. can't argue against facts and logic™


but now she has a penthouse suite on your tax dollars as she complains people can't afford housing.


all these people giving extreme responses. i had them for 2 years and used all this highly carcinogenic illegal shit from the late 80s and other solutions. what i finally found, and you can search this for yourself - bedbugs can't climb slick plastic. put my mattress on 2' plastic bins as my frame, made sure never to let my (washed and dried) sheets or blankets touch the floor. never had a problem again.


the south is super racist. it's the whole reason why black people live down there en masse.


sometimes people just need to scream into the void bro, they _know_ the right answers to their problems but it is cathartic to get it off their chests. don't worry about it.


probably, or natethegr8 or awkardtheturtle


but... he's a cartoon...


the child beatings part was a joke, no don't actually beat your children lol, (except for maybe these kids)


it'a a hard knock life in bpt, where they attempt to discern if beyonce is not so crazy in love with jay z leaning over her to talk to another woman. things get sasha fierce, but there remains some reasonable doubt.


iirc, those were based on the number not proven false.


coming from someone who also got fired from not one, but two, fast food restaurant due to anxiety and instead sent me on a self loathing path where i literally have not left the house in two years, i am so proud of you for being able to over come it!!


hello king_danman, this post has been found to be in violation of rule 6:      > use accurate titles - titles must contain a **quote and score** from the content being highlighted. preferred format: "quote" [score] (or [score hidden]).         you have used a deceptive title for this post and therefore this post will be removed.


i have been feeling like this for a couple months. i genuinely hate working but i like money so i have to work. i would give anything to be a stay at home girlfriend. my girlfriend wants me to but we don't make enough and for some reason i hadn't realized how depressed it made me to know that i probably will never have the opportunity to be a stay at home parent or to not have a job in general. they can call me lazy but i really don't care.


os impurum, no thanks


fair point


is it coincidence that the standard pokeball vaguely resembles a polish flag? i think not.


ok, peta. i eat meat. checkmate


yeah, denmark had an electoral college. so did the hre. so they elected our king. and that's where the galaxy brain founders got the brilliant idea for the electoral system only america still practices. but at call him 'president' so it's totally different. and of course we have civics courses across the nation which are literal just brainwashing classes filling teenagers heads full of garbage about how the founders are unquestionable geniuses. america is a theocratic fascist dictatorship.


it stopped being funny


really? i remember it being blocked the other day but i'm able to access it now


what's a professional reddit account?


i'm just here for the cult gold


next it'll be knives, then ieds.


girl, same. i wasn't the most pleasant girl when i was young and ignorant. i've had so many young women say they wish they had my curves, and i say, "you're perfect the way you are!" and it's just this whole beautiful sisterly moment that i wish i knew i wanted as a kid. ❤️


not gonna lie, i saw you quote just "steal it" and almost reflexively downvoted you assuming it was just going to be a screed on that.


poison the fuck out of everything you bring, burn everything nonessential and the bed.


that is completely insane


ok, no white people will go, and the business will fail, and then they will blame white people for being racist and not going...


i'm on vacation and depressed as shit.


why are they so bad at coming up with insults?      it was originally "the left can't meme", but instead of refuting it, they co-opted it. just like the "snowflake" meme. these people legitimately cannot meme.


if i love eating kielbasa, am i appropriating polish culture?       i mean, that shit's good!


go outside


well put! you seem intelligent!


i know you're a troll or whatever watermark but this is unironically correct


[URL]


i've seen so many "friendly reminders" to never joke about pregnancy because of this. i get that it can be a painful topic for women who can't conceive, but how is joking about it so much more traumatizing than people actually being pregnant?


illiterate


yeah it makes you wonder if there could be a future where businesses are dictated by political parties, some sort of weird dystopia


hope it's twins....


my biggest issue with the post being that people seem to forget that the lgbt community in the us experiences a fraction of discrimination that the community in chechnya and other third world countries do. as a gay person myself i can sleep well at night knowing that if i walk around a public mall holding hands with my partner, it's very unlikely that i'm going to be arrested and executed.


why do people hate slash fangirls? because a vocal minority is creepy and obsessive? nah, it's actually misogyny.


what a fucking genius find. someone send this phrenology analysis of oprah to /[USER].


hey! i don't think you are a loser :)      i think by making this post it shows you do want to change, and by having regret over not doing things at the end of the year it shows you want to change as well. that is important, if you don't really have the drive to grow, then you aren't going to.       i don't know where you live, but perhaps there is a community center, or a park? a place for you to walk? going to a center or a park where there are people could help you make friends, and get exercise as well. if you don't know how to break the ice with someone, giving them a compliment might work, or asking them a question about something they have with them (like, "oh that's a cool phone, what kind is it?"). take the conversation from there (if they seem comfortable with the confrontation). you can't make friends if you don't put yourself out there at least a little.       i also don't know your interests, but go to places where you can find people with similar ones. if you go to a store that has things that interest you, even talking to the employees could help. they probably have an interest in the thing too, and they have to be welcoming to customers, so it is good practice to try talking to them if you are still uncomfortable with the idea of making friends. also, chatting with people online leads to more practice as well as online friends that can be there for you!      for losing weight, start simple. don't tell yourself you are going to start going to the gym everyday if you don't think you will, and don't feel bad for knowing how much you can or can't handle. again, i don't know how chubby you are, but you know yourself. take a walk everyday, introduce one healthy food into your life (or take away one unhealthy food) every week if diet is a problem for you. and let yourself have a cheat day, it can help you in the long run. if you are scared to work out in public, buy some weights of your own and watch some netflix while lifting them. make it somewhat enjoyable so you stick with it, so ooh don't get discouraged for not wanting to follow through. i believe in you!       good luck to you, friend :d


yes.      the original statement is just politically and economically illiterate. republicanism is not that far right.


no you


as a pokemon fan, this angers me.      wtf are they even going on about?


my bad lol , no i wasn't being serious haha i just started trolling the comments when people started getting pissed off


every time that chart comes up to show that the left has become more radical than the right they ignore it. it's laughable


so the issue is them using "women" interchangeably with "females," then?


it ain't offensive until its about me mentality on display.


* [**video with sound** via [URL]         * [**soundless video**]([URL]         * [**audio only**]([URL]


she managed to become the second top trainer at the time with her favorite type of pokémon. makes sense to me.      but yes, the name karen does invoke true evil. i can see it now, her walking into the pokemart and demanding to speak to the manager cause they don't sell ultra balls in azalea town!


oh right, gonna put my dog costume on


a reminder from my local walmart


i hope it goes to jail


not if you consider nostalgia-bait to be a theme!      while i haven't read them, the twilight and 50 shades books might fit a similar bill, but i can't imagine they (or even most romance/erotic fiction) don't at least have some mild symbolism.      though i was thinking more books that are taught in english classes.


this one hit deep. i was (probably am still) that sick girl. i do feel there's hope for you. i don't know your circumstances, but i do know people and a lot of them are far from shallow.


we need a cabinet of vidya doppelgängers.


i know right? that's like the worst part of it.       they didn't even cite anything specific. and if you look at most of the arguments. it seemed like people were half in agreement with me.       sounds like they really just wanted to keep people towing the line.


that's right, only give your money to white businesses and people, white power! yee haw! /s      in all seriousness do these people really not understand how stupid and bat shit crazy they sound?


that was unbelievable. and a kilogram of pasta. what the fuck. that is so much food.


anon is sad


flash back to a couple weeks ago in cth and you'll see bootlicking the likes of which have never been seen before on this planet.


furries are just people. they'll follow who they want to follow.      source: am furry with no fucks to give.


good luck i hope you find him!!


this is maoist ideology


who's side am i supposed to be taking here? ima dumb teenager who doesn't understand shit.


nobody with a right mind should care about '[job/field] is dominated by men'. it has nothing to with gender, it's about the he performance of the individuals. if a man does it better than a woman it's obvious to go for the man, if a women does it better pick the woman. not that hard


tell her. simple as that


wondering the same here


masters degree "problematic"   tags "equality"


guess i'll die


probably not.


everyone is just trying to be contrarians to be opposites.       a bunch of clowns.


no no no... no excuse my friend... you did the unforgivable crime...


jon stewart said that people shouldn't get their news from the daily show and reminded them that it followed a show about puppets making prank phone calls.


wait... are you saying incels are nazis?


is texas a flyover state now? are we allowed to shoot planes that fly over while calling us flyovers? i mean...


i'm still waiting for evidence there was a noose.      she's not claiming unsafe storage of rope as a dangerous practice in the factory, she's claiming somebody hung a noose up to intimidate black people. she took pictures and video of a rope that isn't a noose, so she hasn't even come close to providing evidence of her claim yet.


not in the numbers mother's do though.


what do you mean self sustaining? you can always just go to another country or go off the grid. stop using roads and public services.


>mineta redemption arc      you cannot, by definition, redeem the irredeemable


lmaoo i'm going to take credit for the idea to create a duggarconcern sub.       i said it sarcastically but someone took the idea and ran with it  who would've thought.


are the tau marxists? what even is marxism? /r/grimdank discusses.


which subreddit is the biggest circlejerk of them all?


> ripon      every person i've known named ripon is sketchy as hell. no surprises here.


sounds like she's the victim of a lifetime of bad choices.


i can't wait for solid snake potus


i see what you did there.


carl says hello


robot hits the end of the road


sidenote "context=99" not "context=69"      not nice.


i'm pretty sure that gordon ramsey isn't the originator of food-based insults.


against ferrothorn only? i'd be surprised if flamethrower didn't work well enough, but ferro with an ass. vest or a berry to reduce fire damage might be able to survive and ko altaria. kinda like salamanca with that one berry.       btw, it's not particularly hard to run the numbers. just use smogon. people get hung up on reddit over such non-issues lol.


i would love that.       to the outside observer, what you're saying sounds like a big ol' barrel of cope, but i'm very interested to hear the truth about the nuances and subtleties of the intellectual's unironic "no u"


because truth comes a distant second to the important emotional task of being seen to be righteous. if you get found out you can just get all indignant about people trying to "derail" or something, thus somehow proving your point (which doesn't need proving anyway because you _feel_ so strongly about it).


fyi if you end up with someone's stolen phone because you purchased it from a dubious source, you're going to be out the money if the phone is recovered. sucks, but that's the risk of buying from dubious sources.       also refusing to return it becomes a crime. in california it's:      > \496. (a) every person who buys or receives any property that has been stolen or that has been obtained in any manner constituting theft or extortion, knowing the property to be so stolen or obtained, **or who conceals, sells, withholds, or aids in concealing, selling, or withholding any property from the owner, *knowing the property to be so stolen* or obtained**, shall be punished by


>like being in the centre of the universe but with free healthcare      you just had to rub it in didn't you? ^(ya) ^(lucky bastard...)


not wanting to pay taxes to the queen is fascism!


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      > **videos (and audio) are banned from /r/tumblrinaction.** sadly we don't have the capacity to effectively moderate the hours of footage that would otherwise get submitted, so we can't allow these without getting the sub banned. sorry!      ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


because missing and murdered *people* aren't important. just indigenous women.


it literally says in the description : "we welcome discussions about gallowboob, and allow all your crazy theories about wether he's satan or santa."      so, no not really.


i don't believe this for a second, but if it's true then gmu and it's student population dodged a huge bullet and will ultimately be a better school because op decided to withdraw


exactly


florida.


i've seen this many times and i will read it in its entirety every time.      also, **swofehuper!!**


to be frank, i feel like unblocking her would just lead to things getting worse because i feel like i'd inevitably wind up blocking her again anyway and it'd make me look even worse. in my experience, when i give people second chances after stuff like this, i tend to be way too lenient, and... well, things tend to go south eventually anyway.      moreso, it bugs me that now she's using other people as a conduit. nah, i was just venting. i want her to leave me alone and move on.


pft im not going to go around lu bu im gonna finish all the achiiiiiwwwoooahhhhh holy shit ok run run run run run


what's the reasoning behind reddit banning all 9/11 truth subreddits?


he has a point in parts of the comment that you left out of the title. however, voting for hillary doesn't raise your iq. same with voting for trump.


i mean that's essentially the story of abraham and isaac.


big, big news! center bans jamaat-e-islami in j & k!


here a quote about pride from the worstof thread that was posted about him      >i'm just saying i don't personally see how that is ultimately productive when me as a straight male observer is not receiving the important information         which was in response to someone explaining to him that pride isn't about straight people.


lol, you're one of those people.      honestly, i doubt the intelligence of anyone who didn't expect arya to kill the night king.


imagine this bag, times 10      [URL]


if you say so. *drinks mug of pureed dead baby*


sure is.


but stupid, moron, imbecile, idiot are all okay, right? they meant the same thing as retarded, but we still use them today, because there wasn't big pushback against their use and they melded with language. if the same didn't happen with the word, 'retarded,' then i'm pretty sure it wouldn't be offensive in a way that 'stupid' isn't.      thanks to those charities that take donations in order to discourage the use of 'retarded,' it's been given power and maintained popularity. ironic, yet sustainable.


it's great to be empathetic towards others of course, but i personally don't think this is a situation where its needed. it was just a common joke and the feelings that that these people feel are of their own accord, no one is forcing them to feel that way.


even from the pic i can smell her unwashed body.


ritalin


food fights are violence too, ok.


nice try, but the punchlines aren't pizza or butt. they're both.


and garbage people comment on them in reddit.


i'm pretty sure that a person can be stupid no matter what gender or color they are


damn, the admins are really cleaning up times square.


know what's better? get 2 hobbies that pair together well, like video games as well as drawing


i love and follow this sub avidly but i'm not going to act like that straight pride stuff isn't more than just bigots who want to make a big deal about pride month. basically the equivalent of all lives matter.     that being said, i have never seen anyone celebrate straight pride ever.


virgin is someone who has never had sex. you need a partner to have sex. you must be able to attract a partner. as such, being called a virgin = being unable to attract a partner. therefore, you have failed your biological purpose. as such, you are technically a failure. your inability to attact a partner is attributed to poor looks, poor personality, or poor status. therefore, you could be ugly, boring, toxic, broke, etc.       being called a virgin is essentially being called ugly or poor or boring. basically incompetent to attract anybody.


yamete on suicide watch


i heard it was some racists in white face! magagagawd!


imagine trump's election, x10. that's what the fallout would be, and it will be glorious.


...well, that got defused super quickly once everybody saw the post where he'd said that he was a special forces recruit...


because it's the worst thing possible


sometimes a cigar is just a cigar      *\- sigmund freud*


lol new flair bois      "okay where do you live? i'll come by get your dick ready"


i'm surprised he hasn't started a hashtag-victim bullshit yet.


slight closeted elitist, he says. he is pretty much an open elitist of the highest order. the guy is so convinced that he is correct about politics that he barely talks to his father because of it:      >my dad, too. he's very smart in so many ways, but he's always had his blind spots, and lacked the self-awareness to know his own shortcomings. that was *before* he got hooked on fox news. over the past ten years, i've witnessed a gradual decline in his ability to think critically. it's really sad, mostly because i've lost much of my desire to talk to him, even about non-political topics, because it often seeps in.   >   >i moved out of the u.s. in '18, not specifically because of trump, but trump*ism* has certainly made me unmotivated to return any time soon. i'm working on acquiring dual citizenship -- again, not because of trump *per se* -- but because i'm not comfortable being tied to a country that was stupid enough to elect such an imbecile and patently obvious fraudster as president. the possibility of america sliding into a dystopian nightmare is no longer the realm of sci-fi.    >   >i occasionally talk to my dad, and it's okay in small doses, but this whole thing has really hastened his irrelevance as he ages (he's in his late 70s). i have zero bitterness or resentment toward him, but i don't know if i'll see him again before he dies, and i don't feel conflicted or emotional about that fact, which is itself, ironically, sad.      [URL]      his entire post history in general is disturbing. the guy is fifty and decided about a year ago to take a multi-year vacation with his wife and 8 year old kid. whenever he discusses home schooling he pretends that his child is a genius that already knows college level psychology and philosophy. he also proudly proclaims how the children of other people, like his nephews and nieces, are destined to be factory workers while his kid is destined to own the factory because of the great education he gives her.       his entire post history is /r/iamverysmart material and a significant portion of it is him trying to convince himself that he isn't a selfish asshole for pulling his young child out of school away from her friends so that he can travel the world with his wife.


if these were gamers there would be a riot


i've got a crush on my dentist


errr, no. i think it's more of a elon musk fanboy.


my satire meter is going off the charts on this one. i could be entirely wrong, but i find it hard to believe that someone capable of jumping through the hoops to apply and gain acceptance to a graduate program is simple enough to believe this.


i'd like to send my best wishes to you both. stay strong.


>protector      well the one in foreign are, they did a 180 on 1984...         india and hindu should apologize for sic genecide because we protected them...


because it feels better to have 1000 than to have 0      your brain knows they mean the same thing but doesn't give a shit because higher number yay


but what if it's a business where the founder/ceo/freelancer is the only employee?


boo! check your motivations.


yes, that is what humans are


very peaceful rigvedic meme.


huxley was right


> have ever been straight, or will be straight       yeah...that's not how that works...


that's still rasist tho


the sign is a play on what the president said for his muslim ban.


excuse me **whaaaaaat?!?!**


not yet. we're still trying to get people to stop calling things "retarded".


i'm just so tired of not being an important part of the lives of the people that are important to me. i know, many of you could say i'm important to my family but come on, it's only because we are blood-related. i mean my friends. i have never been someone's best friend, never. not that i'm aware of. it feels as if i'm only a temporary friend, not one that lasts. this really gets me down lately. and to make things worse, i found out my best friend doesn't even care about me. i don't know why but since the start of the year, he has been different with me. he recently formed a new group of friends and slowly he has started to grow apart from me. i now know he doesn't care about me, but his still my best friend. we used to talk everyday, now if he doesn't see me during school hours, he doesn't even send me a message. if i don't look up for him or talk to him, he just ignores me. i have come to think he grew tired of being my friend, as everyone i know. this always happens to me. nevertheless, i still want his friendship and his approval, even when he has done me so many bad things. some days it looks as if i'm really his best friend, but other days, he completely ignores my existence. it's just too much. i feel too much, and i always overthink too much. i try to talk to him but he just shoves me off. i'm just so tired of constantly feeling like a piece of garbage. nobody really cares about me.


hey, fucker, don't compare us to them! we eat trash and feed people, what have men ever done for society?


jokes on you, that's my fetish !


thank you


she works as a worm feeder now.


the ill aren't scary, psychiatric hospitals are, the practices that went down in said places through history were deplorable and horrifying, hence why they are set in said areas, you were more likely to go insane in one than you were to leave with your sanity still intact, which is why it is used often in horror, not because "huuu, scary insane people..."


well, yeah because the baby would have immediately eaten the lion


>who gave you the right?      the owners of the restaurant, who seated him, took his money, and prepared and served him his food.


if you read the op he's hinting that he can't tolerate it anymore.      if he does not have the money to move, he may have to leave with a bag and clothes he has on and get a bus ticket to a major city away from his home.


why say "proto-" when you can just say "not really"


i vote fake


tell that to my baby brother when he was hunting bugs all over the house (and eating them).


bush v. gore were the new lincoln v. douglas debates.       /s


5 footer giving her his 5 footer


it's not the op i'm worried about. people lie to push an agenda all the time. it's the first reply that made a jab at men that bothers me. they blindly accepted the post as fact because they wanted it to be true. how many more people like that shared this post without the callout? that's what's dangerous.


the word "other" wrongfully implies that any one, except the reprehensible parents who cursed this earth with this asshole's existence, has ever engaged with them or, better yet, asked them upfront "can you make a lengthy sassy tweet about your particular political interests and their associated fucking hashtags?"


in this case, his father built a kingdom out of putting on shows to gain the loyalty of the best and most talented generals and tacticians.


that sounds amazing.


i may have the timeline wrong. i heard about it while we were out drinking one night and it quickly devolved into me and my coworker mocking him a lot over it.


cringe


my friends dont get this. most of them came from lower middle class families and i'm upper middle class with a college fund, my parents planned ahead and i'm lucky. but they act like my life has been a fucking cake walk because the hardest thing they ever faced was student loans. i can literally count on my hands the number of times my parents have said they loved me and like they all have very loving families.


hes just incredibly cold as a whole. he wants to restore order and he wants china to prosper but he had no limits to what he would do to do so.


i was absolutely gobsmacked that r/news even got a post of that to the front page. the censoring on the part of other subs is the normal part.


againsthatesubreddits brigades r/canada manufacturing artificial opposition against widely accepted feminine hygiene policy


that's what really gets me. the amount of ignorance it takes to actually believe everyone in the world really just wants to be friends and the only reason we have enemies is because we're "oppressing" people in other countries is fucking ridiculous. if they even believe we have enemies which a lot of them seem like they don't.


sabse badi irony ye hai ki ye wo madarchod "dost" hai jo bjp ka on ground campaign smhalta hai, agency ki taraf se. uska pura career bjp ko promote karke bana hai berojgaar engineer tha mc ye londa. aur unhi ke bare me aisa bolta hai.


> here in uninhabsville, minnesoura      > in shithutton, west alabama we could fit five of your little scotchland's inside to our state      > melted monkey on a stick is a delicacy here in middle goobersee and is quite expensive!      >  because arseville in texas is pretty much uninhabitable.      honestly the scots should be in charge of naming places in the u.s.


i need that reaction image of ron and rufus looking at the communicator


watching that movie for the first time is such a treat. i got a stomach ache from laughing too hard


is it strange i immediately thought this was extortion?


[antifa defending themselves against a dangerous "nazi"]([URL]


this...though if the rapist is a child rapist i feel even less sympthy and kinda wanna rally behind vigilantes.


i'm sure the owners of the restaurant will be totally grateful if you scared off all non-chinese based business.      business owners hate money.


this reminded me of bourdain, who was even more enthusiastic about vietnamese food and people. i remember it being his plan to move there.


this is obviously a joke, jesus


has the kia crybaby thread been made yet?


ooohhhhh


>former sex worker whose a rich black latina woman      is this the ultimate trump card?


this seems fishy as hell


lol send out a group text: "guys are we still doing lunch this weekend? everyone interested, get me a stool sample by wednesday so i can narrow down the list of appropriate restaurants."


no he won't lol


imagine worrying about fire blast      *this post made by mono water gang*


the us has the best healthcare providers in the whole world, they're just expensive as fuck. btw, they can't actually deny you care if you dont have money. they will just bill the hell out of you after its done. also, they cant charge interest on hospital bills unless you go to a bill consolidation service. which means you can take as long as you want to pay it off. it ain't the best system, monetarily, but you (and said baby) will get the care you need.


thanks, i hate it.


[this]([URL] is the original link


small things like asking them about their day and listening to what they have to say without judgement build trust and a healthy relationship.


i love how they like to warn people that they'll be banned for being racist in the same breath they punish everyone.      also i like how you can go on removeddit and almost never find all these "racist" comments.


why are lobsters associated with him? i don't follow the guy.


i don't know why, but thinking you're different and cool by spelling jackson jaxon/jaxson makes my skin crawl. no idea why, perhaps cause i have two friends that had their babies within a year of each other and named and spelled the same way jaxson -- one calls him jax, and one jack. ::eye roll::


and how the deficit had a huge increase


seriously man, but look reddit is a great mirror of the real world. it started out as a great idea, a new country, a new premise, a new website. and we allowed it to turn into shit. it wasn't the admins, it was us.      our own prejudices, our own toxicity, our own want and need to circlejerk, etc...and by our i mean someone elses. :)


looks like my mockery of chain mail wasnt taken well.          sorry if i bothered you.


> i despise collectivism, it is the cancer killing modern society.      you deserve a billion dollars for this comment. i also despise collectivism.


anon tells a cool story


i think the whole thing about me taking the time to send genuine, heartfelt messages to people in need shows that i am not self-absorbed. i'm just saying if you make a post, you clearly are looking for interaction. otherwise write it in your fucking diary. it's just common courtesy to thank someone for assistance..


then i guess it would be a "collectivized" workplace for as long as the capitalist doesn't hire anyone. in the law, sometimes these corporations are simply considered the ceo's "alter-ego" and aren't really a workplace; something i agree with. either way, capitalists have to expand and get larger in order to survive so likely the little shop will expand and perpetuate exploitation.


/r/crusaderkings/ need to step up their game. but then again, they're the king of /r/nocontext/.


i think this is kinda justified, considering the shitshow that would follow if content relating to this event was posted on that sub...


thanks fam


bruh


a switch-in is when a trainer decides to change their pokemon instead of fighting, thus making the matchup more advantageous but leaving the new mon open to whatever attack the opponent makes on that turn. hyper voice and fire blast are, of course, attack names, and death is shorthand for fainting.      ...but yeah, there should be a jlpt equivalent for smog-speak haha


/r/drama is private again due to admin interference


i think i'm questioning my gender again      because you heard something that sounds more unique again?


got simultaneously banned from /r/enoughpetersonspam and /r/badphilosophy for proving proof of white replacement


[thread sorted by controversial]([URL]      [the real drama, however, is happening here]([URL] and [here]([URL] as someone suggests this is actually a critique of pet ownership and keeps defending his stance all over the thread.      oh, and a bonus [ableism]([URL] drama.


maybe you can take her to the concert and stare wistfully across the hotel room at her?


hey thanks for replying!  i understand your point and i'm doing the same thing.  i'm working on my movie and i'm really happy. i'm making it slowly but i know i'm out there. since there is no animation industry in my country i'm working hard to go out and taking freelance from abroad is a huge help as my country asks for quantity over quality and it already has a bad rep and is not good for the portfolio.       so,2 days ago i got a reply from the same university,  from being rejected i'm now selected in the university and i'm more than happy.  leaving this country will slingshot me out there which i'm definitely positive about.        and i've taken your words,  much appreciated for the comment.  it helped me motivate evem more.  about the linkedin thing,  i'll try that too.       thanks again!


it doesn't seem like they think that one all the way through. if people could just copy cars without paying for them, nobody would get into the business of making cars. we'd be stuck with whatever existed when this car copying technology became available.


that tweaker cunt is still alive tho


because stealing and making up justifications is free.


why not both


that's why i'm advocating a nuanced approach


the best is how we shut the water off - it's in the text.


i have had friends take advantage and use me in a similar way before. it's really sickening but good for you sticking with your friend for his birthday. plus now you know who your friends truly are as much as it hurts.


he has a beautiful voice.


i think accounting is mostly math right, and you could argue that medicine is a form of science, but i don't know for sure about that.


it's not rael


*progressive screeching*


i was able to doxx the guy and his girlfriend in like 5 minutes.  i am not experienced in doing that at all.  i'm encouraging her to take this seriously and start locking down her internet profiles.  reddit is pretty tame, but this is like a feast for the 4chan set.


you really would rather never have lived? how sad.


for tumblrs information most mexicans are actually pretty light skinned just are the more indigenous people who have darker skin coloration


more people subscribe to the nyt than watch fox news, but the nyt is the failing news source.           but fr, when you get down to it, the obsession with fox news and cnn by both sides is weird because fucking nobody watches the news on tv.


tu ban hoga toh bhai main b bakchodi nai karunga...         hold up, what if they ban you now, just to get rid for me for the time...


>e: looked at your posting history and you like soccer. pathetic entertainment for cavemen. i'm watching persona backwards while my speakers are blasting a 19-year old who has not yet gone through puberty reading being and time      i cannot.      these people are letting themselves be trolled, right?


hey we're a group at disproportionate risk of prejudice and violence, i know, let's go around picking fights


ok now do baby, bunny, and jackdaw.


i'm just used to steam at this point, at that point i'm still downloading another thing too.


i'm sorry, how on earth can you watch trevor noah and think that he plays the "both sides game"?      to seem biased, does he have to scream "fuck trump" on the air? like how dumb do you have to be to not realize how left all of those shows are.


steel no longer resists dark. knock off base power boost and it's insane availability means that metagross actually had weak typing now, who knew


jokes on you govt, i don't have that kind of cash to withdraw


true. i would be first in line to burn it all down if i couldn't dunk on some nerds everyday.


are you naive?


the boomer race


can he shoot webs out of his dick too? cause that will be really cool.


i like how when they talk about the policies that created the problem they are things that mostly benefit rich people. it just happens that most rich people are white so white people benefited the most. even though those policies did nothing for the majority of white people.      now they are trying to create policies that will help only specific races of poor people and can't figure out why people think that's racist.


missing and murdered indigenous women


this is why laws have a statute of limitations.  after a certain threshold, evidence degrades to a point where even a good case would become a complete cluster.


what if i want him to go off, eh?


hey, can you sell me a schedule i controlled substance? do you have an influencer discount?


*sed*


....


that's why r/menslib exist


then china will take them


and that's all that matters in the eyes of supporters.             the card says moops as far as their concerned.


i appreciate you posting, but i don't think my situation is that dramatic, albeit i would like a scenario where i wasn't in this situation. she is a lovely fun person otherwise.


i was actually just wondering the other day for real and for true: is anyone still pushing the all beef petersen diet anymore? is that something that his fans are still pretending they're only eating beef for months and months at a time?


don't forget there is a pretty big suicide problem with straight folk nowadays as well. yet i rarely ever hear about that in the media.


i saw this comic and thought it was nice. people need to get off the whitewashing bandwagon and create their own art if other people's art bothers them so much that they get upset by skin color.


sweet dee reynolds is the best comedian.   


nobody thinks that it's free.


i forgot to put the mod's "lock it up **folks**"  in the title


butter knives are the weapon. strawberry jam is the ammo.


oh thanks i'll google it


regigigas even sucks in pokemon go.


me too nigga


resentment isn't pain lmao


there are others who feel this way (not myself, but there are others).      the way i see it is that death is not really much of a concern. if it happens, it happens, and it won't really be my problem. thousands of our ancestors went on to the final frontier, and so must we, so why fret? i'd rather focus on living in the now rather than curling in a ball forever contemplating about death, you know? death's ok to think about for a while, but not all the time.             your young like myself, and we both still have a whole lot of life left to live. either we live it in misery caused by ourselves, or we focus on trying to be happy.


you mean the 1 jk rowling fan site?


odd quote coming from a specialist in the dark-type, which in the original japanese literally translates to "evil".


the most powerful people on earth treat the concept of god as a machiavellian tool for harnessing more power. i'd be surprised if 25% of them believe that god is real.


loading tip: tweeting about things does not help any of these causes


the sex of life of a single person is awesome


just google image "gallowboob nude" if you really want to see them lol


i can't imagine how self important this dude is. i hope i never have to meet these people in real life


a kid needs emotional support from his/her parents, financial support is not enought to raise a child.


it's tagged as twitter right under the title...


how do we get from notre dame to canadian natives? wew lad


football sucks.


polar     


>  reference to the muslim travel ban which was based on pure bs as well,      ah yes, the infamous muslim travel ban that allowed 80% of the muslim world to travel to the us, and used countries the obama administration targeted as terrorist threats...


we can't help this person. this is a lost case.


plastic


good bro. if you overdrafted, get the bread. if shes your friend she'll understand you need the money. adulting sucks.


damn dude why are you posting here when you could be licking billion dollar tech corporation boots? they gotta be shined somehow. hurry up, maybe if you keep supporting them they'll let your sub live a few more days


they are living with me now.  oldest works at a law firm.  youngest is a junior in college.


don't listen to this guy. moving your mattress will just dislodge the resident bugs and make them find a new hidey hole, assuming that they're actually living in the mattress to begin with (my old "friends" lived in the wall baseboards).      you'll be fucking enraged if you buy a brand new 1000 dollar mattress only for it to become reinfested.


> first of all, one, "piracy helps me try games before i buy" is one, if not the biggest argument for piracy.   >       do games nowadays do demos still? should that be enough to appease those kinds of people people in a legal manner?       edit: not betas - i mean post-launch demos


[turns out that going to other countries and taking resources makes you wealthier. hmmm.]([URL]


did you actually get the point of that episode?


it's true, chick fill-a only cooks gay chicken


agree


i am 38.  i've suffered from depression since i was a young kid.  it is tough for me to find happiness, and especially hard to get motivated most of the time.  i have been through some very, very, tough times in my life, and that doesn't help.  i was on meds from around 18 years old until 4 years ago.  i cut that ball and chain by eating a very clean diet, exercise, meditation, and self help therapy.        my best advice to you is to find something(s) that makes you happy (i know its tough).  for me, music, my guitar, my pets, and reading are what bring joy to me.  maybe try to pick up a new hobby?      hang in there.  you are not alone.  i have learned the hard way that i (you) am the only one that can bring happiness and meaning into my life.        always here to lend an ear if you need to talk.        namaste  


thank god because i cant see rg, mayawati, mamta or akhilesh as my pm. now i know you will call me bhakat or any other name. now i dont give a shit about you guys.      and ill give you reason. jo insaan amethi me kaam nai karwa paya, us se desh ki to umeed chhod he do. 10saal to congress he thi, itne saale me to jannat ho jana tha amethi ko.      maywati ko desh me koi interest nai h. tujhe pata h wo kis ke liye kaam karwaegi.      mamta bengal ko to chhod nai rahi. agar pm ban gyi to democracy ka murder kar degi yaa illegal immigrants bhar legi. abb ye mat bolna ki tujhe iss baare me kuch pata nai h.      akhilesh is just stupid. no other reason.      jobs issue h govt ki, economy issue h. par ek interesting chiz batata hu.      bhai safai to karwai bande ne. jabb wo bolta tha itne ghar banwa diye, itna gas de diya, itne start-up khol diye, road, railways, electrifications. tabb kya reason ho sakta h ki counter nai kiya congress ne?? kyunki wo kaam wo kaam usne kiya h. isliye sirf teen baatein kar rahi thi congress jobs, gst and rafale.       aur sunn bhai tu, ye jo 'hindu terror' bolte the congress wale. ye ek bhi baar kyunn nai bole apni speech me 'hindu terror'. kyunki jo thode-baht votes h naa hindu ke, wo bhi chale jayenge modi ko. ek speech dikha de jisme inhone stage par 'hindu terror' word kaa use kiya ho. khud mandir mandir ghum rahe h. mujhe atheism se problem nai h, inke double standard se problem h.      aur ye evm kaa rona mat kiya karo. teen states me bjp haari h.      aur ek baar aur sunte jaa, jabb 2014 me congress ki govt thi, tabb inhone bola ki evm hack hui h. chal mann liya hui, to ek baat bata ki kitna mismanagement tha upa me ki tum evm nai save kar paye.      aur sunn, law ki bhi baat kar lete h thodi si. search karna bankruptcy code 2016, yaa 269st, sec80-iac of income tax act. invits and reits seach karna aur us se related tax laws bhi.      thoda gyaan le le tu mere se. ddu-gky, pmkvy search karna. thoda baht aur bacha ho to gift- gujrat search karna.      inn sabb me kanhi par me mene surgical strike kaa naam nai liya.      abb tu mujhe congress ke mgnrega aur rti ke alawa kaam bata de. inke pass bhai khud ki tareef ke liye bhi kaam nai h.


neither do i      perfect shithole


> not infestation levels      >  kills like 6 a night ez.


capitalism is pretty good at making your living conditions your own fault. not perfect, but still pretty good.


i love this white actor who's been playing a hero but i won't watch movies where white actors play heroes.


you're starting to be honest with yourself


> past 30 yards with a 9mm and iron sights, but when i'm throwing 180gr slugs at well over 1200 feet per second      this comment was a measurement system trainwreck.


impossible


just because he's doing the bare minimum in a civil discussion doesn't mean people have to agree or upvote them.


r/tumblratrest


i run into people like the ones on this sub all the time


frog memes that would've went away had your girl not dedicated her campaign website to fighting them.  but they're just little frog memes though...


crazy person types some gobbledegook and claims to have the "universal equation." liberals and atheists unite to oppress this truth seeker


>you seem mad      you can't just project your feelings onto me and force me to deal with your cope.


when i played pokemon i just pick the moves that seem coolest.  i remember sitting with one of my friends and anytime his pokemon gained a new move he had to go to the internet to look at like 4-5 guides before choosing to take it or not and what to replace with it.             i've learned that i play pokemon terribly wrong.


people weaponizing their social media followers to complain about incredibly minor inconveniences is one of the most bloodboiling things. it's like they're going "do you know who i am??" except even less self aware.


now they can be even more overtly racist


high score and an hero, it's the path of the gamer


i wouldn't hold your breath.      these people are still looked at as victims, even though they are the perpetrator.      and all in the name of "starting a conversation".


thought this sub was going to be about the movie *us*


politics is the be all end all for these guys. they need to view everything through that lense for whatever reason


from what i see of that sub on the front page it's       * shit puns based on match's name      * shit puns not based on match's name


these people literally depend on the cops for everything


i was about to make the same comment. this post is 90% serious posters. r/drama opens back up and this is what we get? it's a mini r/politics in here. burn the place down.


why is it so hard for people to grasp that you can be concerned about multiple things at one time ???


yeah, well i feel you. my mom tells me to go fuck myself.


how do you do that?      [URL] doesn't show anything.


anything with "porn" in it's name that isn't porn is very poorly named.


some of these people have to be joking.


we are talking about a person who thinks that men,conscious of their inferiority, tried to dominate women by controlling language and expression.sense isn't a word that applies to this person,let alone common sense.


is it ok to call it a hoax now?


nothing says personal charity like forced redistribution


jesus is above petty politics and fits on neither the right nor the left.       he healed the sick and the lame, who had nowhere else to go. he didn't live in a world that had a needlessly, stupidly complex healthcare insurance system.      he ordered his disciples to be prepared to give all they had and take up their crosses. he didn't say you can go home if following him was too hard.       ****   he commanded his disciples to love one another.       he said that the world would hate them for their virtue, as it had hated him first.      he also told his followers to *sin no more.* the samaritan woman at the well *and* the woman caught in adultery were told to leave their sinful lifestyles.       he did not say to subsidize sin.      ****   edit: as aggravating as she is, jesus died for aoc, just like he died for all of us.


[URL] look at the graph. i did my research.


this font gave me aids


this isn't against sitewide rules.


oldest trick in the ️️


they're men.... so fuck em amirite


i watched some episodes from a tv series based on this novel.              it is so confusing and hard to follow but kind of entertaining all the same.              i remember a rather scene where a dude got shot by an arrow and is tearfully lamenting his imminent doom as his son bawls his eyes out. there is a sense it was meant to be dramatic and invoke shakespeare somehow (i doubt it honestly, no way the chinese care about some english poet from hundreds of years ago but it certainly gave me vibes of macbeth or hamlet anyways). however, i thought this scene had narm instead. its meant to be dramatic and sad and yet it just felt kind of awkward.


>i know how to sway people to your side, get irate and inflammatory!      someone's doing the lord's work over there.


i'm not saying "pick yourself by your bootstraps because mental illness doesn't exist" what i'm saying is there will be times when you can't have an emotional support animal with you,  so using one 24/7  as a crutch will only hurt long term when something happens and suddenly you don't have coping mechanisms because your only coping mechanism was a schnauzer


if trump was hitler they wouldn't be making these comments in the public.


what you wanna do? i know a lot of ways to commit suicide.


     thanks for reviving the drama, still tasty


>trapnekololi      so when are you getting banned


assuming the restaurant is owned by chinese people, isn't this taking away the chinese persons livelihood by discouraging people from patronizing their business? and assuming the restaurant is not owned by  chinese people shouldn't they be lecturing the restaurant owners?


nope.


i don't know what to do


from looking at the calcs, flamethrower didn't look "way worse" but just not as good. the biggest reason to run flamethrower is the accuracy, which the guy mentioned. i don't play competitive much but i do find it annoying with massive damage-dealing moves hit with bad accuracy. fire blast is at least 85 but whenever a stone edge or focus blast hit, i always shake my head.       i understand the guy's logic here. basically, it's a toss-up over whether you go for pure damage and some risk over guaranteed solid damage and no risk. there is no right or wrong answer to this. just how willing are you to play the odds on 85% accuracy is all.


you can tweet in fonts


i think i'm going to need to read up on the romance of the three kingdoms to figure out what they are actually talking about.


is it against reddit policy to an users for no reason?  this most recent event i was banned and then immediately muted so not only was i given no reason but i could not even ask why.     


you have to love those who have taken the pro-political violence pill.


when you're on a train but the train derails, slides on the ice, barrel rolls into a gazebo, walks off into the sunset, and writes the book.


no shit sherlock


in the us i think it's different in most cases. like some schools only give one type of degree, regardless of the field.      eg i'm getting my ba in computer science (and at my school, all bachelors degrees are ba's, including physics, bio, chemistry etc).      i know there are some schools (often schools with a heavy engineering focus) where you can get a bs in art or english.      so i don't think the letters necessarily imply the program is accredited by any specific organization (other than a standard accreditation board).


make sure you're crouched in a corner and repeatedly jump until you glitch through the map geometry.


the real problematic thing in here is pink text on orange background.


totally shocking guys.      no one saw this coming, right?


tbf, having lu bu as a warrior can be considered bad luck for you. i mean, he did kill a lot of his lords.


hey thisnameisntcreative! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * surplus popcorn.      due to a lot of stale politicized drama crowding out niche posts and dominating the front page, certain categories of drama face greater scrutiny and greater rates of removal.     your post fell into one of these categories and was not exceptional enough to be approved. see [here]([URL] for more information.       surplus drama categories include:      * racism drama   * gender wars   * social justice drama   * gun drama   * partisan pissmatches            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


there are series also like strike back where the main theme in season 7 is hindu terrorism


but the nta posts have more upvotes and more gold.


time to get redpilled on voat /s


yup 56 of them.


so they basically believe that transhobia and islamophobia aren't that bad?


the racist are here.. r/publicfreakout mod locks thread about a coffeeshop gang shootout. warns bigots that "you will be banned ."


check ur reddit newsletter


dramanauts too young to understand


agreed op, that being said one is making fun of someone for a personal decision, while the other is generally directed at people without options. apples and oranges, shaming is wrong in both cases, but hard to draw a comparison


that's kinda shame,  i wanted to watch this descend into insanity in real time


the same thing happened 2 me just 4 mins ago...i loved that sub...


r/rant locking a rant post about a specific sub's discord, becuase of "witch hunting"


wasn't there already an island of trans people?


did you click the link? try this one: [[URL]


especially if they need it done this century.


all those communists who failed weren't actually real communists. because if they managed to do it right then clearly everything would have gone great for them.       honestly, replace the word "communism" with anything you like and this argument works just as well.


we literally burned the furniture, so true enough i guess


if i see a dude outside without a jacket i'll think he's a moron. are you *that* insecure that you feel threatened by some jackass in the snow?? like, what??????


oh fuck i didn't evenm realize it was peta at first.  thats the kind of hot take that people in the ninth grade can appreciate.


yes. because existence is generally preferable to non-existence.


holy shit. someone did actual journalism. that's incredible.


clearly, we are not going to agree on this. i stand by my assertion that cpd as a whole has a culture problem. this in no way means that i disregard and ignore what cops have to go through every day. it just means that i have seen too much corruption out of this one department and that this one department needs to change. which is just another symptom of the corruption at the heart of the city of chicago.


doing the lord's work... can we get a cut with his responses?


i've never ever heard someone say that and it not be either scripted or ironic.


r/cantelmoism accused of being a cult


because when somebody is *right* they're **right.** even when they don't know what the fuck they're saying.


ah ok interesting. will be interesting to see how a judge rules


dark sense of humor requires you to treat all groups, minority and majority, with equal measures of darkness and perversion.  


chick fil-a don't run "we hate fags" add campaigns.


it's going to start in la and san francisco with all the homeless.


ive always wanted to manufacture premium dildos but its haraam where i live currently


he pretty much described r/politics and r/politicalhumor


linguini should have been fined for willingly allowing a rodent to reside in the kitchen, and never should have been hired considering his gross incompetence as a chef


who even gives a shit about calvin klein representing "queers". they sell clothes, not people. models are to model the clothes, not a sexuality.      almost like it's about control, not about representation. it also says a lot about the times we live in, when a minority group with a different lifestyle to the norm can bully a giant corporation into submission.


looks like a tree


is j white? (they're using white emojis...) if so this is hilariously performative


and what about noodle? she's not white. it's like the most diverse band there is


would that even fit in your stomach?


is this a randy quote?


they shouldn't, their career and their wealth is built up from entirely from toxic masculinity, many times talk about exploiting underprivileged women in inescapable situatiation while also showing their total disrespect towards them      not to mention they use n-slurs and dare i b-slurs in their songs! big yikes!


yup


literally three days old. no new developments in this story. are you not addicted to news media or something?


probably a good time to refresh everyone's memories about the prevalence of hate crime hoaxes. [xpost r/metacanada]


anon receives some advice


do "illegal immigrants" pay taxes? should we even use the term? /r/infowarriorrides discussed a while ago, i guess.


th is should be sanity cause it's true. i made a comment about infertile couples needing children and willing to adopt viable babies and got this: "how dare you exploit infertile people for your political gain!!!"       so yeah, don't twist words.


is this satire?


might guy and rock lee should have been the protags.


>i have been studying ethology, anthropology, sociobiology, evolutionary psychology, psychology, evolutionary biology, behavioural psychology and anything i can get my hands on to do with human behaviour and social dynamics for years, it was patently obvious to me that the vast majority of social science was bullshit. (+8)         how are people lile this real   


the whole rant is filled with sps material.


i really appreciated the post you made, and i think a lot of other users did too. sorry to see you go. :-/


implying anyone cares about the shittiest banter possible lmao


poster wears a t-shirt with a sheet of paper saying "us soldiers are murderers" and other anti-military slogans taped onto it on a day when his school wears purple to honor the military, gets upvoted to the top of chapo trap house (+2304 and rising).


today is my best friends birthday. she's been planning it for weeks. i went out with her last night to celebrate but at 8am this morning i got a text from my boss asking me to come into work. he hasn't had me into work for weeks and as a result i've gone deep into my overdraft and quite honestly needed to work desperately.   so in my drunken state i said yes i'd work. as a result i've missed my best friends birthday to earn money instead.      truthfully i couldn't afford to go out and celebrate her birthday for two days in a row but i feel terrible about it to the point i want to cry. she hasn't said anything but i know she'll be unhappy about it and think i'm a shitty person afterwards.


the balaclava with the cardboard in it kills me..     


india today wale video me kafi sare bot comments h dekha?      they look similar to that dhruv tatti video.      in dono ke paas bina profile pic wale comments aate h


actual quote from this character:      "just grab them by the private parts"      i have a screenshot of this, but i can't pin it to my comment right now.


joshi is derived from jyotishi it's the same thing.


ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [राम लला हम आएंगे , मंदिर वही]([URL] ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶]([URL] 4:06 / 6:09 ⠀ ───○  ᴴᴰ ⚙️


>getting fired for free


fugg delet dis


yeah i definitely learnt that lesson lol


one of the best singers though


no. it was a shithole. i behaved like a tit, they behaved like even worse tits. it was unpleasant for all.      i've only recently managed to get clean from that place. weed and booze lets you put up with a lot of bs.


at least the top reply to that comment is reasonable.


alright, stand behind something and while you're speaking in front of a crowd, look for the sexiest person and imagine having the best sex of your life with that person.   another way of doing it is to have someone under that stand who can pleasure your sexual organ in some way. be that a hooker or your partner.   job interviews are much harder, cause you're under more surveillance than during a speech, but are still quite doable. all you have to do is pleasure yourself slower than you normally would and not look as much at your still stimulant as you would while talking to a crowd. and in case there isn't a person who looks hot enough for you to pleasure yourself, you should look for a different job.


i don't get why everybody in this thread thinks this says all of these people are as bad as each other, it just says they all don't deserve basic respect, that doesn't imply some of these things can't also be much worse than the others.


there is never an excuse for piracy. but not having an excuse isn't going to stop the people that do it, and neither is limiting the platorms it comes out on


haha this must be how the rightoids felt about the bar memo.


ooh, i didn't know they made the video for this year's dhmis. thanks


so aisha?


i'm pretty sure it was the male audience bashing and the ridiculous "what's that? it's the patriarchy raining on our parade" jokes that plastered captain marvel with the "sjw pandering" reputation.      wonder woman and alita, both superior films as far as advancing women into lead roles in healthy ways, were also minorly criticized at first - some felt gal gadot wasn't the right actress for the job, some mocked the cgi eyes in alita. the difference was that the people behind those 2 films realized that some people are just gonna be dicks and kept on focusing on their advertising on people they hadn't reached yet. seems that kind of professionalism where you just don't go batshit psycopath on people giving you the slightest criticism is a lost art among the major entertainment companies these days unfortunately.


didn't you read? it's happening every day


12 hour shifts, most likely.


besides the jon vs dany thing is there anything else that hasn't happened yet? i want to know what i can use if my dragonshit friends piss me off.


fake news


depends which sub we're on.


did you not read the blog? here is what i said:      > but this was just an implication. maybe i misinterpreted. to be sure, i – politely and objectively – presented strong evidence of high failure rates (e.g. over 99.9% of animal experiments involving drugs don't even proceed to human clinical trials) and the real-world consequences of this unreliable 'animal model' (e.g. two very effective cancer treatments yielded negative results in animal testing).       the reddit post linked to had all the scientific evidence to back this up and everything else i said. a separate blog article lists all this evidence as well. what "agenda" are you talking about, exactly?


ok i support these things but going and saying they're  transphobic because they don't continuesly tweet about trans people is just stupid.


...


no


and he's waaay past me. if there were any higher trophies he'd have them.


> have a useless degree      the overwhelming majority of the time, it's this.      if you're going to college for anything outside of stem, law, or med school, you have no one to blame but yourself for the shit situation you're going to be in. you can learn everything in humanities with a solid internet connection and intellectual curiosity. everything outside of that is just indoctrination.


this is a step toward enslavement. what?


the problem is that outrage usually means that people will be talking more about the person in question.


sahi mei. let him do good if he can. bechara he is already limited by his caretaker. he is no saint but let's see what can he do. i guess she is still not over her.


> how do you arrange to have sex with a child?      deep web and having money.


yo i am a frequent poster in that sub. saw this shit. kinda ragequit. honestly, all the good discussions happen in r/manga. the specific subs are way too fucked.


it's been a minute, but i think page straight up raped the dude.


who the fuck reads the actual drama? i just come here to upvote all the funny commenters when they say 'cope' and 'bussy' haha


please be true... 35,000 people are subscribed to that shit.


the comment is at -17 and is getting reasonable criticism.


that dude needs to calm down.


but banning white people from getting arrested is still racist...


someone with way more time than they know what to do with


i'm not too fond of either side here.  there's the obviously crazy and unlikable "vegan."  but also there are people using the fact that this person doesn't eat meat as an insult.


ramayana in a nutshell


not exactly leading by example, are ya?


i dunno about anyone else, but glass eyes and other "fake" eyes just kinda creep me out. i much prefer the eyepatch. it's hardly "broadcasting" a war wound, either, lol.       are there even any veterans out there who care about eyepatch vs. prosthetic?


fuck chinaware peepal ki plate fo lyff!


that sub is a hellhole


finally met someone


okay i'll die on this hill. both the vatican and the french government have enough money and invested interest to fix the cathedral. don't donate a penny to it. give the money to something that isn't being addressed already.


pakistan forced to boycott oic event after member nations ignore its objections over invitation to india      [URL]


lame... vaxxed2


yup, i received a reply there from a comment about how power can corrupt anyone, and that reddit mods behavior was a small scale virtual example of it, but i couldn't see it because the sub was nuked. ironic.


we don't get defensive! that's not true. stop lying! we don't.


>any other questions?      have you ever been accused of being rational?


if you are so learned at proctology, are you familiar with theories of the famous russian proctologist, chevalov yuhbottums?


> well if you can imagine an infinite point, and a vacuum being sucked into it (causes a shrill shriek) then a brief badoom      > absolute time is expressed as basically an infinite timer that starts at the value of 0 and resets after it breaches infinity, which is actually finite when it measures a determinable outcome      lmao what is this


really? attacking libertarians now?       they literally believe in freedom but yeah, fuck those guys/s


i think that's about what i'm saying.  but i don't think it's in the power of most private citizens to verify in most cases.


the country?


it's only hateful when conservatives do it.


*thinks while wearing a tricorn hat, on a galleon bound to the new world*


in pogo metagross is now one of the most beastly things in the game (when it has meteor mash). funny how that works.


i hope anon smashes


baffles me that this person thinks that all that's going on in syria can be contained within a hashtag. a hashtag that's automatically about supporting islam no less. it's absurdly infantile.


i don't want to work anymore. i'm willing to sacrifice everything


911 likes.hmm


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      shitpost: being a post of low effort, low content, or low hanging fruit. take that to /r/tumblrcirclejerk.      ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


man, thar movie was the quintessential circlejerking


this was news 32 hours ago. on fox.


he's basically just a conservative, but that's enough for making him alt-right in a lot of reddit circles.


it's a obscenely convoluted plot that spans over the course of decades. men like cao cao and liu bei didn't even survive to see the end of the war.       it's one of those stories you need a notebook or read up online, there's just so much shit to go through.


they donated $2mil to an anti-lgbt organization?


>she spent years working shit jobs in indiana, got married, and then split up with her spouse and went to college in nyc around the time occupy wall street was happening.       >her main source of income is a podcast and writing op-eds, neither of which is socialist organizing or activism.      they really do let anyone write an op-ed.


agreed.


there was some good stuff after the time jump. like when team 7 teamed with shikamaru to avenge asuma. i wish more of the stuff  post time jump had been to use our primary characters to flesh out the side characters more.


you did not quote me at all in your response. the quote you have now given literally ignores the very next paragraph - which i quoted to you - about 'implication' and 'misinterpretation' on my part, along with 'strong evidence of high failure rates', etc. my op in that thread listed over 20 scientific papers backing up a 99.9% failure rate to even get to clinical trials. again, what agenda are you talking about? a scientific agenda?


i actually stopped calling people crackheads a few years ago. i was flirting with a black girl and she was acting silly so i playfully called her a crackhead. idk what her story was but she immediately stopped smiling and didn't want to talk to me anymore.


but i want to prevent other people from bringing more people into this world of pain and suffering and death.


the bank usually.


you must be good looking


if you do something nice and expect to get something in return for it then you're doing it for the wrong reason


i swear peta just trolls for attention at this point


maybe i read it wrong.  the person posting about editing the opening paragraph.


but that's still racism. what am i missing here?      i could have sworn that the idea was to treat everybody the same. killing all the white people or refusing to arrest them no matter what they do is just two sides of the same coin.


\>tells you to have sex      \>gives you the worst cockblocking advice


omg that made my day.


yea, if you report the posts there, one of the options is along the lines of, "involves minors." so i'd say it's pretty much *not* legal.


you know how every one of these advice subreddits boils down to "communicate and be up front". reddit now calls the guy who is open about his intentions for a date "creepy" and "pressuring". absolute fuckin cunts


to be fair, the 'manga evidence' guy is at least civil and using sources for his argument. the other guy is being real shitty, and the fact that the evidence guy deleted his account makes me think he was getting a lot of shit for his opinion.      he's wrong, the ending of naruto (well, pretty much all of part 2/shippuden) is bad, and he's a smarmy dick, but he's not as bad as the guy attacking him.


> i am guilty of just checking the r, but thats only bc im a party member and trust that whoever is being endorsed by the party has my interests at heart.      the republican party establishment, that controls who most of the candidates are, and funds the ones it likes, does not have your interests at heart.  they do pretend to have your interests in mind around election time, which is better than the democrats, who make clear that they want you and yours to suffer - but not by a lot.


yeah that's fair. this is more of a r/gallowboobcancer post tbh


cope


at least with dbz it was still pretty good with the majin buu stuff. it dragged a little at parts, but buu was a decent antagonist imo.


lookie heremister don't ❌❌❌ you  ever! ever ever!  insult my ‍♀️ maya. i love her  with all my heart❤. she is everything to me‍♀️. she is the my dalit pride . u better not hurt her ‍♀️‍♀️ again.       asu leave my maya alone‍♀️‍♀️‍♀️ we will have❌❌❌ no problem but  if u ever hurt  my behen maya i will murder u dead. i love ❤my mayuuwuw so much.  she's my bae  and i am ‍♀️‍♀️‍♀️ her ‍♀️ bae ❤


not quarantined btw.


ye kyu hai?  


although it won't do anything to curbs his blatant abuses of power, one of the happiest things you can do is putting him on ignore. i did after he had his meltdown a few weeks ago and i feel like reddit is a better place for it.


the ones that use different accounts go under the ban evasion rule and about 50% of the time the accounts are suspended or permabanned. the one user who pops in now and then is the same one account. kind of surprising tbh.


'cause mods were sleeelping. if i was online when it was posted, this would have been removed right there and then.


he loves you is all


according to the article, one of the 14 year olds was already known to the police as a sexual harasser, most likely he is a psychopath and manipulated his friends into helping him.


so the answer is yes ?


i never said i need to be "praised" for my words. i don't do it for any reason but wanting to help others since i've been helped when i'm down. but a simple thank you for a random stranger taking time to attempt to help his fellow man (or woman) is not too much to ask is it?


listen, this is srd, i'm a garbage person too so there's no judgement, but as a broad stereotype people watching reality tlc aren't curing cancer anytime soon.


from gandahar to bali, akhand bharat is eternal.


totally agree that it's a shit joke because basically all "pranks" are imo.       but don't you think it'd be more beneficial to discuss these statistics and the issue in a different way, on a better platform, rather than just complaining in reaction to celebrity pranks? it seems that it's more effective to build an awareness platform that operates year-round (like the suicide awareness and prevention campaigns). only bringing it up in reaction to a post on social media basically trivialises the issue by making it seem like a minority problem and not a common and serious issue.


lmao fair! it's true lol


op doesn't know what the white savior trope is.


lmao you guys have no idea how many posts on reddit are bullshit, if anyone truly is upset over this bamboozle, you should get off of reddit... especially if you read a lot of political news.


hotstar premium >> netflix india


maybe he's signaling something...


this person wants to go to law school and believes this shit.      we're headed towards the full blown soviet union with this mentality.


how old are they? if they are over 10yrs then it will be fine and they are big enough to not miss you too much.      they will be happy when you come back.


why does tlc produce so many garbage shows focusing on garbage people


dude everyone in here disagrees with you and you're getting all mad and defending yourself.          "are we the baddies?"


will this have any consequences?


just be honest and up front about it, but don't be rude. just say hey that ain't my thing, and if he respects that then carry on with whatever you're both comfortable with. but if he doesn't respect it and keeps going he's most likely both a bit odd, and not really a keeper. i could go either way to be honest, it's not my favorite thing but hey if someone's into that who am i to judge


why does the room size matter


it make me more sad about that's person. what have happened in his life that he have to sink so low.


soon, comrade. america is *exactly* like nazi germany before the genocide started. i wasn't there, nor have i ever been to germany, but i did a quick google search, so *believe me*, the killings are coming, and you can thank trump's fearmongering for that!


isn't it racist either way?


you definitely did not fuck up.   this is an incredibly sweet thing and i'm absolutely sure they appreciated it!


sorry boi


dont really see how anyone can get upset over this, one side or the other, really. if a consumer wants a product and someone provides that product for a nominal fee, who gives a fuck?          like, jesus, is this all we need to get riled up anymore?


i find it interesting that liu bei is considered the good guy even though he plotted to murder can cao who showed him great hospitality and respect.


it makes me feel a little bit better about picking feinstein over the socialist she ran against last year.


are they really cheap? the legal process for h1bs is.. rather intricate, to put it lightly, and it involves lawyers.


said this in another thread, he destroyed political comedy for an entire generation and it won't be fixed until gen z takes over


nominate someone for this post.


yeah, as a member of the community, i'd say that community is about as fractured as america as a whole and it certainly disagrees as much as america as a whole. just.. be careful going on rants like this. it can cause a lot more trouble than you think. when i meet one of the more prejudicial folks in our group, i ignore. it's just easier that way.


trusted and actually telling the truth are two different things.   i can trust my junkie brother won't rob my house because he told be he wont. it's another thing when i come home & find it completely empty.      my whole issue with this is it's true that most of the last several generations 'get the majority of their news' from the daily show. it's probably caused a bigger partisan riff between the parties than fox news.   you then try to point out the in accuracies, when they lie, their bias etc and are greeted with 'it's just a comedy show' from the same people that treat it as the most trusted source in news.


your 'free speech' is violence, my violence is free speech!


hey  (that's my troll face lol)


i don't know what happened but on an article on r/science on weather in california, a huge comment thread was obliterated. anyone know what happened


also even if you never have the phone be reported stolen to police, 99% of time it's gets reported to the carrier and the carrier and all other carriers will basically blacklist the iemi so the phone will never work as a phone.       not to mention that for most phones, they cannot be unlocked so it's better for you to avoid the risks and problems and just return it and help the police find the person who sold it to you.


[there are cardi b truthers now lmao]([URL]      ["mras need to move on to virtue signal about someone doing something that actually impacts society"]([URL]


pretty smart of the kid to grab something that had good hand feel. pretty sure humiliated dad won't be telling him what to do anytime soon.          "go to your room"          "what? are you gonna shoot me?"


even if it is finally shaping up, it was a massive clusterfuck and polarized the shit out if people (not to mention amazing drama potential). i'd be willing to bet if they split it into two different procurements (navy/marines and airforce) and had made a upgraded ground strike capable version of the f-22 it probably would have saved billions and resulted in much more capable and effective aircraft.      but that is all just baseless speculation that amounts to nothing more valuable than bull shit.      what's your take on pibbles?


so, they're just filming the average male? and here i thought reality tv couldn't get any worse.


that's fair. i guess i just see it as something of a game of hot or not that logically leads to said value judgement and propensity to apply quantitative ratings, or at least attracts people already predisposed to it. i am being uncharitable to the service and its users though.


it'd be great if that was actually the only advice that was allowed. instead, people often simply guess at the law based on what they think it should be.      pro tip: don't take legal advice from redditors.


revolutionaries are good for a revolution. afterwards? they're just a danger to social order: hello firing squad.


around dyed hair... beware!


once she realized he wanted it to be a date, she should have just said no.  i'm a total fucking moron, and even i realize you shouldn't accept expensive elaborate dates or gifts from guys you aren't interested in.        though, the guy should have had a plan in place for the 'i just want to be friends' situation.  acting like it was ok, making it seem like the plan was final, then asking someone else is a high school move.  women do this shit too, where getting asked out for a date supersedes any and all plans made with other people.


i think your supposed to take in game screenshots at 4k and color their entire bodies in the darkest shade you can find... then crank up the contrast.


and technically his land won in the end...sorta.


no true scotsman only applies when there is no evidence for it. evidence: the ksa's population is 32.94 million, a fraction of the world's muslims. i could select from dozens of polls and articles written by muslims and non-muslims alike, but since i'm sure somebody's going to call anything written by a muslim untrustworthy, here's one from a western paper: [URL]      in fact let's ask the saudi education system, which [condemns all  other muslim groups]([URL]      the official religious school [because islam is not a monolithic bloc] of the saudis is wahhabism, which didn't emerge until the 1700s, and while sadly strong, is not a majority school, even if you count its salafi and deobandi affiliates.


cope


no they need 36 billion plus us invading iran .


today's aoc npc circlejerk: "i get it, she's smart, articulate, attractive, a woman, and brown, all things that scare the ever loving shit out of the gop. i swear next thing you know they'll be accusing her of spirit cooking and having a private email server..." [sh]


jihadi me jhol h


i'm just going to use a neutral term because i don't know enough to be more specific and i'd like to be polite. it seems the kind of thing a decent person would do.      "well, we can't have someone being a decent person here on reddit"


i mean personally i don't support chick-fil-a or their charity, but i'm not gonna blame them for a higher mortality rate. surprisingly a lot of lgbt people are killing themselves, almost as if they're being used as a political weapon all the time or something.


my friends family respects me more than my own...


how to be an asshole 101.


we need to bring back spankings, or child beatings. these cunts are so fucking toxic.


yeah, i know. they'd get in trouble for helping him "research" marijuana too. there's an extensive review process for researching schedule i drugs, and i sincerely doubt that "some lunatic asked us to make dmt" would cut it.


no, i said by their logic. not that their logic is correct.


it really is just the grimiest feeling ever.


>detroit      oh that explains everything


i have never voted in the primaries actually. i figure let them fight it out and ill go with the one that wins. if i had bothered last time i woulda gone with kasich.


just need one blue check to write an opinion piece on an obscure website and its over for them


yep, believe the victim.      but, an accuser is not automatically a victim. they are an accuser. until everything is verified, the accuser is an accuser.      so if they make a claim, there is no reason to believe them when they cant back it up.      so yes, you can believe the victim and should, but only once they actually are confirmed to be a victim.


high tier title game


oh neat, what was that called


pal


it's very hard to navigate a conversation in the right direction, everything is a touchy subject and it's easier to type to internet strangers. i just don't know how to phrase everything.


nine elevy never forgeti yummy spageti


anon confirms no collusion


she would be a shit ho if she didn't shower after spending an hour rubbing all over a rando


anyone know what character that is, anyway?


word


stay in your lane.      damn.


you would probably either love, or hate, /r/wowthanksimcured             yeah i think i can appreciate where you are coming from. thing is - and you state this in your comments - suicide is really bad, and its so bad that the priority for 'prevention' has to override concerns for 'pisses me off'. personally im good with messages that are not twee or outright condescending, but i do wonder whether these types of messages may have a place, given, i guess, everyone reacts to these things differently. if these messages save 1 person and mildly irritate 1000 people, they have done their job.              anyhoo sorry you are in a bad place. hope things pick up for you soon. in the mean time, great rant!


lol the demi lovato heroin tweets were the best


his last words, according to the camera man that pulled him out of the water and tried to keep him alive were "i'm dying".


years ago when i played paper magic i thought i had uniquely bad luck because i was always mana screwed or flooded or whatever.      arena has taught me i'm actually just really bad at making decks


they should be a mod here, unironically.


body positivity should not mean forcing yourself into clothes that are not meant for your body type or advertising obesity


of course they aren't. if they were, i would have called them out on it.       they're just posting about the fun times they're having and inadvertently making alot of other people feel slightly crappy. my other aunt and uncle who are feeling the same thing me and my family are feeling are actually buying a neighboring cottage and have made jokes about only buying it because the aunt and uncle who own the old family cottage are "done sharing"


because it's way easier to make fun of w-men, t-slurs, and f-slurs than support them


actually, it's mostly girls who are the most hateful towards me when i try to talk. i have one very close girl friend, but for the most part, girls are extremely intimidating to me.


tfw i wake up and the world hasnt ended in nuclear fire      why do i endure this suffering


i'm not done with my current shitty gimmick so i'm going to whine about it.


why is this here? this is more like/r/whitepeopletwitter


i'm surprised by how little it took to get both reddit silver, gold *and* platinum.      not to mention that pretty much the whole thread got at least silver 4 days after the thread was posted


note to anyone who is stupid like i am: please actually read the comment i'm replying to before downvoting it.       i sort of skimmed it and thought you were saying you were going to unsub for the same reason (again cuz m stupid) and almost downvoted before i caught it.      anyways yeah it can be depressing to see how much of this sub actually isn't satire.


well, shit like this actually benefits those same admins in the long run so...


i agree im like go inside for an order that big you know its gonna take a while lol. drive through is like pick up and go. i get the frustration especially for people on a 30 minute lunch break lol.


we're those his words? i didn't see that as i skimmed through the comment history.


have you tried an umbrella? or a poncho?


anime pedo? inferring that all anime is porn or has pedophilia...


well if you don't make a picture private, you'll get endless comments along the same lines as these facebook ones but also people flat out calling the subject ugly.


idk, im 36 and would love those things right now.  maybe replace nappie with alcohol and/or drugs though.


this world is turning us men into shit we cant do anything without being called a name why dont yall just leave the words let's boys be boys alone


two angry icebergs


thanks. if i need to i'll come here :)      yeah my town now is really nice. i'm accepted for basically the same reasons i wasn't accepted in my old town, but it's the kind of place where just about anyone would be. and the two towns aren't even that far away from each other.      it's kind of strange going back. it's like they don't know there's anything wrong with what they were/are doing. i love the place because it's my home town but it's just some of the people there.  


was there anything else about the situation that could possibly have prompted it? like, say, the subreddit you posted it to?


she has posted video of herself [shopping on her phone while driving]([URL]      she has a lot of weird posts that aren't too thought out


omg no no no, smh, $100 is a bigger number than $90. learn to cownt.


qe constantly puts people in skinny jeans and too tight shirts.  half the time they look like they are trying to escape from their clothing.


we want reintegration after a while, not a slow death camp.


this.  everyone else has the problem, not them


creating more life is perpetuating the cycle of death. you're creating a being doomed to die. ernest becker's the denial of death calls that an 'immortality icon'. it won't save you      and none of that stuff is meaningful. 'my name is ozymandias, king of kings. look upon my work, ye mighty, and despair' etc      i don't wanna achieve immortality through my work. i wanna achieve immortality through not dying - woody allen


nothing as realistic as paradox games.      also my ckii ruler is a horse and the son of satan.


i hope that people just constantly start doing this to /r/pics because it's what they deserve for not doing any decent level of moderation. that sub is straight trash and those ten thousand upvotes show it. i don't understand why anyone would even want to see the content there.


i never said i need to be "praised" for my words         "someone takes time out of their busy life to offer you helpful >advice and you can't even say thank you??"         "but i enjoy getting a response back or at least an acknowledgment of my attempt to help"


why did [USER] got banned ?


even when thoroughly debunked in every way, shape, and form they will use old talking points that they know to be false.


this is normie "art", not hetero art, but of course tumblroids will turn it into a sexuality thing rather than what it really is.


now this is epic


i'm so lost, i missed all this. why was trailangel4 demodded? what did they do that bothered the other mods? i thought the post was fine?


i hear you, especially when you consider that they must already have a "bachelor's" degree. if they have a gender studies degree and are fine with the word "bachelor" being used to describe it, why suddenly have an issue with the word "masters"? doesn't seem real.      on the other hand, selective outrage is a very real thing, so maybe i'm wrong.


all men are sexist pigs /s


i play for keeps; if you move, you're a beta male, no matter the gender.


i do understand that i have a whole life ahead of me, and i'm grateful for that. but it's just i can't just stop contemplating death. trust me i've tried that. the only thing that's stops me from thinking about it is when i'm with my friends.


i thought this was some kind of super-offensive joke that could go on /r/imgoingtohellforthis.      then i read the title.


*honk honk*


it's because he's from britain.


man doxxed himself over copypasta, r/atethepasta mocks him and he tries to defend himself


thirsty men supporting feminism again?  no way!


he should follow his own advice and move to venezuela or north korea.


it's weird seeing lawlz white-knighting for phedre but the funny thing is i think it's gonna work.       does she still have functioning ovaries because if so those babies are gonna be busted af. i pity them preemptively.


i thought some of the plot points and fights in the ninja war were bad, but the series was thematically consistent as far as i remember. what thematic inconsistencies were there?


ain't*. lol.


/r/breadtube


yessss it's so annoying


if you do this, i will do nothing but post tay when i jack it


but how will people know how morally superior they are if they don't run in front of the parade and shame all in attendance?


darn, i hate when that happens.


she says "the only correct opinion"


i used to be a guru gossip mod, circa 2011 or 2012. there was so much in-fighting. i was amazed to see it was still up and running!


they don't understand the difference between dominance and a majority. if men are 51% they will make it impossible for women to work in the field. if women are 90% they will make it a loving nurturing environment for all special snowflakes. that's why to get to equality they want to reduce the male population to 10%.


it's not saying these things are equally bad lmao why is that hard to grasp


mcdonald's is a major cause of obesity epidemic


every subreddit is an echo chamber, comment something against the quo and prepare for d e a t h


not everybody gets the backstreet boys


honestly the only part i liked/remember during the whole ending arc of naturo was might  guy opening the 8th gate       that shit was hype as fuck and considering the 8th gate had been teased  forever in the series, it did not disappoint when guy finally opened it       but after that i kinda sorta checked out on everything else


was it ever been there


honk


get a shavette.  the investment is about £10.  go gentle to begin with and its easy.  i cut myself less with a shavette than i did with a safety razor.      its really not hard and well worth trying.


that's one of thirty similar comments, in a forum about scotland.         to be blunt, they got downvoted because *nobody cares.*


this is definitely an attempt at satire. an awful, awful attempt at satire, but satire nonetheless.


wait, so if i ask a girl out (lol) to lunch and she tells me she only wants to eat as friends, i still have to buy her food?


why were you banned?


white people


this is because the cal poly administration said "no, we're not getting rid of chick-fil-a" on campus. it is one of the most profitable chick-fil-a's in the country as well. it's one of 52 chick-fil-a's to make over 2 million in a single year.      > lgbtqi students- i see you and i am so sorry. it is a really difficult time for underrepresented students on the whitest, straightest campus in the csu. i hope that in this broad conversation the lgbtqi students, faculty, and staff are heard out. since the morrill act (1862, 1890) public universities are meant to represent the people and demographics that they serve. it is difficult work for us to evolve, so i know that ridicule and condescension come from a place of discomfort. that's to be expected. my advice is to prepare for change.         here's another totally hyperbolic comment from another user      > there's a difference between companies/founders of companies speaking their opinions, and them actively donating to anti-human rights causes, and advocate torture and social exile for a specific group of people. so kindly fuck off      this is my ~~alumnus~~ alma mater unfortunately.      edit: wrong words      edit 2: clarified the second quote was not from the same user.


cope or not that shit is unabashedly degenerate


nice title


yeah you should not patronize chinese american owned chinese restaurants, but only white owned. that will teach them.


the comment was removed the post is still there


wasn't there a phrase "every time a targ is born the gods flip a coin"?      danny isn't mad, but her brother definitely was. then you look at the children of cersei for another mixed bag.      danny's actions caused a lot of suffering and death, but her actions and thoughts were rational and she really did try to to good. it's hard to hate her too much for seeing people get massacred and in chains and want to radically end that shit.      grm writes about incest because incest was hella common in royalty. keeping "it" in the family where "it" is the money and land and power. most of the incest that goes on in-universe is because of that. or whatever magic is in the blood, like with caster.


they too issue legal religious warnings for pakistan on twitter and nike censors in the name of the chinese communist party against the hong kong protest. hail corporate siding with every despot no matter how big or petty.


its partly why mental health is such a shit show in the us right now


don't get it twisted. guy isn't talking about africans. he's talking about 'black people'


let's not forget who the real victims are!


and the npc meme is dehumanising!


nwf is now merged with pakhtunwa.what are common surnames among migrants from there?malik,dua?or just punjabi surnames (the liberandu vinod dua claims to be a hindu pathan from pakhtunwa).my jija claims his dada came from peshawar ,but he has a common khatri surname.


holy shit


i mean, dead rising 4 was basically a musou game let's be honest


yeah, i just see it as repartee. he opened with a math line, she flipped it on him.


lil boosie after he got out of jail and saw what was on tv is basef af too


most of reddit gets their political news from comedy channels.


y'know, i'm calling satire on this one. not because it's satire, but because refuse to believe anything they say is at all serious. like, i know it's a verified account of a well-known "charity" (huge fucking air quotes around that one), but jesus christ!  they kidnap pets from loving homes and fucking kill them!      and then they make these strawman arguments about things no animal rights activist would actually believe. why, just last year they campaigned for polar bears to go extinct, because breeding them in zoos is unethical. i swear, next time they're going to say treating schistosomiasis in the developing world is actually bad *because parasitic worms deserve to live too!!*      fuck this charity and everything to do with them. the less that people take peta seriously, the better.


damn bro. general sahab ne to history books ke liye quotes de diye. what could be more self explanatory and straight forward?


and "here is the rent, landlord"


honestly reddit is what turned me against left wingers. i stopped coming here for years because it made me hate them so badly. it wasn't any right wing sub it was their own words. i have to remind myself that most democrats aren't like that in real life. these people (progressives) only make up like 9% of the population.


send me the link


at some point in the last few years i developed a mentality that i need to always be 'on call' for others, in particular friends or family. i will actually halt my entire day's plans just in *anticipation* of being asked or invited to do something by them, so i can guarantee that i will be there for them when they call.       they haven't called me over yet, and they may not. but if they do, and , then...i can't even make sense of what my anxiety is telling me. i've done something 'wrong'. i should have been available. especially given that my niece is there this time and i haven't seen her for a whole week. does going to the gym make      it's most pronounced with family. i always felt a need to over-compensate investing in time with them. i was the sibling who stuck round to console my dad when mum divorced him, when she started going out most nights hitting the bars (long past that now, she's happily re-married) and when my brother and sister buggered off to just immerse themselves in their high school experiences. i put mine on hold to deal with this. my brother doesn't live in the country any more and barely ever calls. he's also a successful professor and getting married next month.       why am i so afraid of not being available when 'needed'?


see current post.


[URL]


it means focusing on european culture to the exclusion of other cultures


that's true for a surprising number of comments linked here, actually.


no doubt the person in op's screenshot would laugh and say you have internalized misogyny or some dismissive bullshit.


based and phrenologypilled


it's kinda sad that srd turned from a chronicling of drama across reddit into a total circlejerk of people grandstanding over their pet issues and mocking anyone in the post that doesn't agree with them.


yeah i don't understand why they'd be downvoted. doesn't profit mean what they take home after costs?


if you own the means of production, you are not a worker.


a bit of both really. like i would need at least three points to talk about i'd have a solid two and one i didn't really believe but could make the evidence sorta fit.


> and people don't like it when i call this place a hate sub. curious.      well, yeah, reasonable people aren't very fond of [the anakin skywalker mentality]([URL]


>fawning      ok, that was funny.


man, korea is dealing with the nature of "is it still acceptable to listen to and enjoy music put out by a person involved in facilitating multiple date rapes and part of a secret group that shares illegal sex videos from rape of unconscious girls" and here in america it's "this guy said his wife was pregnant on april fool's day...unsubscribe!!!"


my father in law thinks the government is trying to murder him, but i'm pretty sure that's just 48 years of smoking weed talking


that must be why trump is president and gop has majority in the senate and controls a majority of state legislatures.


he "sarcastically" revealed the end, just to target modi. ek to bkl ko dekh ke waise hi khun kholta hai upar se he keeps on giving reason to hate him. i don't follow him, but i accidentally opened facebook and one of my "woke" "friend" shared his post on the his feed. mere ko hinsa ki taraf dhakel rahe in log. chahta nahi hu...


their point is that they don't believe that it is all about the performance of the individual.  they are hyper-egalitarians.  they don't just favor the principle of equal treatment, they believe that all people are born the same.  as in they believe "all men are created equal" to not just be a principle to apply in certain legal situation, but a description of reality.  as each person starts as a blank slate, any disparity can only be a result of an evil social construction like discrimination or stereotype.          a rational person might see the impact of testosterone or estrogen.  they could use evolutionary psychology to guess why the sexes would diverge in behavior.  they could keep an open mind to what the data says rather than dogmatically stick to the same explanations regardless.  they would observe that nurses are 90% women across a broad spectrum of countries and be open to the idea that an instinct associated with motherhood lends itself to nursing rather than assume it is pure social conditioning.


phew, wait till he/she discovers, there are gay men...


theres a lot. but we're not immune to groupthink and inherent biases.


>doesn't seem like trump is smart enough to do it intentionally, so it's probably one of the countless shady scumbags in his administration or a direct order from **putin**.      it's like they've learnt nothing.


the first part of that was heartbreaking. what a horrible health care system you have in the usa.


one year ago the left described their gameplan for the mueller report - "that's conspiracy thinking in a nutshell, everything is *proof* of the conspiracy, and anything that is evidence against the conspiracy is just further proof of how deep the conspiracy runs." /r/fuckthealtright +641


hello rondaflonda, this post has been found to be in violation of rule 6:      >rule 6: use accurate titles - titles must contain a **quote and score** from the content being highlighted. preferred format: "quote" [score] (or [score hidden])         you have omitted the quote or score and therefore this post will be removed.


well, why do you think it's alt right? what values do they express that would take them from the label 'right' and into the label 'alt-right'?


well duh. the point of contrapoints is to distract from and demonize valid points with nonsense.


please remember to put the upvote amount in your title.      this is at 7 upvotes right now.


this is peak victim blaming


what point? i don't wanna die, sometimes wish i'd never been born at all. that's my philosophy.


naughty boys need to be locked  up


the sub biackpeopletwitter was ultimately set to private after mods decided to restrict access for non-biack people completely


not really. the egomaniacal post-sports almanac 1985 biff in bttf 2 had some trump influence but the original character isn't actually based on donnie. that's just a stupid thing bob gale said to get his name in the news again. if it were a real thing he'd have mentioned it in the commentaries.


good days


i'm with ya there on that one, dripping. i'm subbed to all but very cautious about posting on the snark sub as there's a handful of very sensitive people there at the moment. i've been accused of the one to start the whole mess, like i don't even know how! but it's been awesome to watch the whole thing unfold. if i were a psych student i'd be writing a paper on this. i was there for the creation of the countingon sub, then snark, then fundie snark, and now the other new one. very interesting. i quite like the tone of the new one so see if that doesn't degrade like all the others did.


the new joker movie coming out in october


that's literally how the entire western world manages their welfare state. with differing views of what's the right amount, but still


mine was a wash.  we lost the writeoffs but gained tax breaks for being a traditional family.           ...which yes, it irks me a little that being a small business is less important than the ability to push out crotchfruit dependents.


how the fuck did you even find this op?


> m. mathematics      accounting isn't mathematics, come on. not every job that has some algebra is stem. a cashier's job involves algebra too, is that stem?


> that crazy trump supporter       wasn't a trump supporter and the media knew the bombs were fake.


kiwifarms is hilarious bro


oh boy i remember that episode where pikachu and friends invaded poland, very memorable!


ah, feminism.      the worst of things.


sjws called the cops on me once, because i initiated conversation with someone in a public cafe. i questioned the idea of going to college during the conversation, which triggered her, and thus she called it "harassment" and the cops were called.


was a great person he was, a true warrior and brahmin.      his noble deeds alongside my tribesmen pushyanitra sunga provides me motivation to be like them.      may indra give him and my other pitrus highest place in his heaven.


braver than the troops, you chud!!!!!!!11


the us is really overpowered though after the latest expansion, their infinite fuel should be labeled cheating


the reason notre dame is getting si much time on tv is that white christians are the main people that watch the tvs in america


**reign of terror**      the reign of terror, or the terror (french: la terreur), is the label given by most historians to a period during the french revolution after the first french republic was established.      several historians consider the "reign of terror" to have begun in 1793, placing the starting date at either 5 september, june or march (birth of the revolutionary tribunal), while some consider it to have begun in september 1792 (september massacres), or even july 1789 (when the first lynchings took place), but there is a consensus that it ended with the fall of maximilien robespierre in july 1794.between june 1793 and the end of july 1794, there were 16,594 official death sentences in france, of which 2,639 were in paris.      ***      ^[ [^pm]([URL] ^| [^exclude ^me]([URL] ^| [^exclude ^from ^subreddit]([URL] ^| [^faq ^/ ^information]([URL] ^| [^source]([URL]   ^]   ^downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28


i bet he's euphoric


i am actually against equality for both sex.       both men and women should be unfairly discriminated against, and especially children.      it's the only true radical centrist belief.


whats the comment that got you b&?


even if it was banning white people from getting arrested, it's still racist


  [here's]([URL] your redditgaumutra, [USER]          given by [USER]        ^(kafircastro has received redditgaumutra 1 times)     ***     i am a bot. beep boop. have i gone rogue? contact the mods or [this guy]([URL]


ok


i have heard of red lining and it's been illegal for fifty fucking years.       > there's everything about taking land from native americans for white settlers.      this is something that happens today? or you know, 175 years ago?       > maybe you were expecting a government "economic policy" more specifically      gee, i wonder why i was "expecting" the thing you said was true.       > im talking about policies with economic implications that uphold a white supremacist society.      so there are no current "white supremacist economic policies" then. that was a lie wasn't it? ed


yeah it's not like it's called r/dragoncarporn, then you'd know it's sfw.


and that zoroastrians have very narrow family trees because xwedodah.


appropriating southern culture.


ben shapiro couldn't have said it better himself


telling someone they are too selfish to commit suicide isn't "support".


not everyone has that kind of disposable income.      a lot of these people are still in school - i pirated shit all the time back then but once i started a career it wasn't worth the effort and risk anymore because i could afford to pay easily.


>nope! just practicing art. sorry lil guy ‍♀️      said the thot who gets shekels from flashing her bombs to teenagers on twitch.       [URL]


i mean, the last half is largely inconsistent in quality but it does have some great highs. the scene where naruto got to meet the bit of his mom sealed inside him so she could teach him to control kyuubi is amazing.


yeah. anything's possible, but it really just sounds like the guy is angry he got fired and is out for revenge.        "no one else would ever dare oppose us" sounds like something a self-serving teenager would fantasize his enemy saying.


it had zero to do with her walking into things like this      [URL] 2.5 years later and it's still funny


i don't think it's just that there are young users, i think that some people are actually resentful of the concept that there could be deeper meaning to some works of fiction. i mean, look at something like the sad puppies, longing to return to a time when sci-fi wasn't rife with symbolism and progressive agendas, as if that time ever existed.


if your idea of resentment is a 1-day to 1-week feeling of feeling wronged, sure. if longer than that, then you probably have mental issues - a person with a healthy mind doesn't keep score of slights and wrongs and prolongue a feeling of displeasure.


where's my oversimplified crew!?


why do you want to go against human nature? we rape as a collective and always have. these is no true "consent" it's all about the wellness of the offspring. love is a myth sold to you by corporation to make you buy things to prove it


threatening to boycott a store you never went to before, in order to punish a man who has nothing to do with that store in the present.


supports beheading children.


the new twilight zone will expose toxic masculinity with its upcoming episode named "not all men". the trailer shows a man literally touching toxic space liquid and turning all violent. soon all the men began acting violent and toxic. 10/10 would watch.


no people are more pissed off about the fact that egs is targeting well established games with dedicated followings in order to force people into caving in and purchasing games on a platform they refuse to improve with even the most basic of functions.


mega altaria can run a physical set with eq. i remember squeezing it into my gen6 "special" set just to catch em off guard.       unless if all heatrans are running balloon now? i've been out of the scene for a while.


it'll be fucking hilarious to see that happen. it's gonna be one big circle jerk of how reddit is "censoring free speech" and what not.      you know what i'll be doing? sitting back in my lawn chair, eating some popcorn and drinking a soda.


tysm


smoke over water ... or something like that.


mental illness is on the rise but the majority of people are still not suicidal


i saw this on /b/ like an hour ago


never subscribed to netflix, never will!       but sala har mera colleague inn kutton ko paise de rah hai!    bc kab samjhenge western media is insane shit given to you in exquisite packing.       we've always been influenced by the west. modiji bharat bhar sauchalaye bana rahe hai. aur prime aur ekta didi series of western sandas bana reh hai web series k naam par.  did anyone see the trailer of the abomination that is "four more shots please"?       let's spread awareness regarding the brainwashing purpose of what we just saw the trailer of.    bc!!! yeh nhi chalega.   


and hiv


i'm in a similar place as a father raising two little girls. it's amazing how people justify their actions, place their guilt and seemingly move on with their lives.. but you're right,those decisions will be with them forever.


i hear you, but depression and anxiety can get in the way of that. try to be more understanding.


there is clearly a pedophile ring in the basement of the siu bao shop next to his office.


s a t i r e


tbh i wouldn't blame them sometimes


the guy was from australia. shouldn't they be looking at keeping foreigners out instead of preventing their own citizens from owning guns?


*anthropologypilled


>isn't joshi a bremmin name      sadly yes, aur usko bramhan samaj se nishkashit kiya jata hai. topic is over.


i one told one of my dark sense of humor jokes to someone who said they could handle it. they couldn't handle it.


just call it a graduate degree. it comes after your undergraduate degree. if this is satire it's bad because theres already multiple names for it


downloadable links:      * [**video with sound**]([URL]      * [**gif**]([URL]      * [**audio only**]([URL]      if you don't want to mention my name you can also send me a private message containing the link.      ***      ^^i'm a bot *bleep* *bloop* | [**contact**]([URL] | [**info**]([URL] | [**donate**]([URL]


fuckin wrekt


dull.


eat a dick peta


can someone please tell me what ,,,,,,,,, is (the multiple commas)? i've seen them so many times in these types of posts but are they just grammatical errors or do they have some weird fucking meaning like those lenny faces?


i don't have to, i walked in on my dad and mom fucking when i was 5.


r/politics is really just r/liberalism


>i swear peta just trolls for ~~attention~~ money at this point      ftfy


i guess creatures inc or whatever the pokemon owners are called, or nintendo. whoever makes the problematic content.      the message they heard is whatever the problematic message they believe pikachu says to make people nazis       and ron stoppable is looking concerned and confused at the nonsense of pikachu recruiting nazis


all women are at least a little bit into women. all indians are at least a little bit virat


from what i saw on twitter, he actually tried to sue her back in 2016 when she tried to take him to court due to claims of abuse, but amber dropped the suit because she knew johnny would destroy her in court.


lmao.....      bruh.... know when to put the sword away. this is just classic stupidity on your part


are you trying to be sassy? the vast majority of custom css isn't as bizarre as this particular subreddit in question.


um straight white male suicides dont count because their oppressors and deserve to die /s


antifa mixing up their "milkshakes" : [URL]


does anyone else see two names there? swofe huper and heman malemanson?


jaime is jamie's friend from mexico


no, you please check, yourself.


can someone explain?


prosecutor admits: we know smollett lied, we dropped his felony charges anyway


we've gone full circle


when aayan hirsi ali trashed islamic supporter barkha dutt


that's the best description of reddit ever.


can confirm i got shit on for watching sailor moon as a kid. still love that old [english theme.]([URL]      also enjoyed sailor moon crystal a few years back. too bad that one was less than stellar.


i do too, one of the joys of living in the peoples republic of portland but outside of college towns and super blue areas they are pretty rare.


[USER], the redditor that made up the "elias" story on r/quityourbullshit is back at it again with more fake convo's for karma


so is reaper


strong dislike of the intentional spreading of misinformation isn't really unjustified "hate".


i'm triggered beyond limits


you can pm me, if you want.  the post was fine...it's not that the other mods didn't like it or agree with it.  certain, very vocal members, hated it for reasons i'm unclear on and i engaged one of them in a short, back and forth.  the other mods, without discussing it with me first, changed the rules on how mod posts were going to be made in the future and tried to punish me with reduced mod duties (which boiled down to not being able to post content to the boards as a mod...whilst still modding and handling code and reports). i thought it was unfair given my history on the forum.  it is what it is.  i chose to respond here when i saw information that was supposed to remain between mods being shared without context here.


it was...but i didn't enjoy it.


\*"exact same" means "i cherry picked a half-dozen similarities and ignored everything else".


you can wrap the furniture in black plastic and let it sit in the sun for a few days and that should do the trick.


i second that sentiment.       i used to be subbed on r/stunfisk because i loved reading about unusual strategies... but comment threads like this make me wonder if it has developed the same issues as the other community.


i had to check but it does seem a few schools offer gender studies as a bsc an not ba...that being said, i'm entirely uncertain how a graduate degree in that field represents her "full potential."


but didn't lu bu betray liu bei and steal his kingdom? i'd have had him killed too! lu bu was an asshole, a tyrant an untrustworthy as fuck. liu bei had a point.


lol i posted a different part of this same rant yesterday.


i have...now i have nightmares


looks more like a remake/rip off of the handmaiden's tale.


i did not expect to see r/stunfisk here


[URL]


what does that have to do with atheism? you'd think a sub called /r/atheism would just focus on religion.


erika is a good song cmv


maybe he thought it was the pg-13, under the bedsheets, daytime tv type of fucking /s


would love their reaction when this all comes crashing down upon her.


i don't know what that means.


guy is wearing a misfits tee.. irony.


the people who got offended were probably white subhumans with blue checkmarks.


the only problem in pokémon is teaching kids to play with dangerous mutants or even bioweapons without parental guidance.


they will probably go after the porn subs too.


so?


probably just chasing what they perceived to be their demographic.


yeah i've got one, uh, what the fuck?


youtube comment section is filled with u guys


any other questions?      yes. why are you awful?


as a reminder to everyone, **do not vote or comment in linked threads**. if you're caught doing it you'll be banned, and it's really easy to figure out who came from here when the thread is months old.


if jesus came back he'd be like "well i was supposed to rapture this place, but i'm honestly not sure you guys would get the message."


[if you had an iota of brain space, you would know what it means]   ([URL]


literally the only time i see gallowboob posts are when someone cross posts.  sometimes i forget about the little guy


oh what fresh hell is this........      > fruit has to win the award for the best advertising campaign of the last century. when people hear you don't eat fruit, they think you're going to immediately drop dead. it doesn't even enter their brain that for most of human history fruit was a seasonal treat at best!      compared to meat, which for sure every ancient human had and the historical record shows the lower classes ate none-stop. and also--do they think vegans are just faking it or...?      > my brother thinks this all meat thing can't possibly be good for me and that i should at least incorporate fruit. like fruit is gonna be this big game changer nutritionally.      you can literally survive with nuts and fruit so yes of course it would help you you jackass.      > i think it's probably all the antioxidant and super food berry propaganda.      the meat industry is on the up and up, but you have to keep an eye on big berry, it's true.       > i hear stuff like this all the time, even from family members. especially when they say something like "that can't possibly be good for you". in what possible way can it not lol. the further i've progressed into this diet the less of a shit i give about trying to explain it to someone that's blissfully ignorant.       i imagine that's not the only lack of shitting in this man's life.       > there have to be people out there like me that love these conversations, right? if you're stupid enough to question my health decisions, then i feel no compulsion to go easy on you when i point out how terrible your diet actually is and how faulty your logic. mostly though, i get positive responses ("i wish i could do that!"). i've had several chefs come out of restaurant kitchens to meet the fellow who ordered a side of bacon with his monstrous steak.      yes, i have no doubt that a chef saw someone order a steak, get bacon on the side and said, "hold my station, i must go and speak with this most urbane individual. why, i bet there is some great philosophical decision behind a fine cut of meat served with bacon, the most novel combination ever witnessed in this, house of steak."       can some lorax out there speak for this forest of dumbass and answer me just one question: since cheese and eggs do in fact have carbs, why is it okay to eat cheese and eggs............?


is a privileged arab author a traitor for ratting on a black train worker who's eating on the job? gamerghazi narrates the oppression olympics.


literally a containment website


why, if you don't mind me asking?


i'm not sure if that sort of thing didn't apply to european kings, an unfit, unpopular ruler did not stay one for long during the medieval period. it may be that a critical analysis of divine right might be difficult for any learned man of the period to write down without having his tongue cut out and being boiled in oil. there are certainly many cases of western feudal lords withdrawing their loyalties and oaths at convenient or politically expedient times in a not too dissimilar manner to the collapse of the han.


how can we improve to become vice-tier ferrari?


ok this is funny though


mia cultural exchange....


the axis were less morally grey than the allies. they were almost pure evil


> trust, but verify.      just say your hate women and move on.


the charges were dropped because his defence team and the prosecutor's office came to a private agreement.  there exists damn near irrefutable evidence he misled the police and thus it's entirely possible for him to be held liable for the costs incurred from that.


the rest of the song is nonsense


yay mob mentality!      hey kids, who wants to abolish the electoral college?


since most of my life is enjoyable and only a small fraction is suffering, i have to disagree that it would be logical for me to kill myself.


lol you're the type that needs an enemy in order to live, real or not.


i haven't read naruto, but based on what you're saying i'd argue that the saiyan reveal was pulled off a lot better for a few reasons:      a) goku was clearly already a weirdo - dude was born with a monkey tail and was super strong even before any training with no real explanation.      b) the series makes a point out of the fact that he was considered a weakling for a saiyan - he still trained really hard to get to where he is.


thats a thing too?


anyway, congratulations, you survived so long. i got banned within one hour of the exit polls for anti-dynasty comments :)      they don't even bother to hide it anymore.


posted a meme i made to political humor. mod said it was a repost. i made it...


> they even go after people like dave rubin, who has 90% liberal videos but dares to talk to the right 10% of the time.      they believe having a civil conversation with genuine conservatives is dangerous because then people can see how untrue all the strawmen are that they've set up. thus, they have to label rubin as being a nazi to try and drown him out.


is vomiting your beliefs out the second you see an even slightly related topic part of 'antinatalism'


  those dang people in the south man always being racist, they think it's the dukes of hazzard down here drinking moonshine in our confederate flag car running from the police and cursing minorities.       what's even more crap is that the people saying this garbage are people who look like they should've been on napoleon dynamite they weight either 300 or 90 pounds and smell like cheese curds from all the soylent they drink.     


at the very least having r/politics be at the front page by default is reddit bias. worse they disguise themselves as forum open for any views, while they're again, obviously biased.


i mean he tried blaming white people for it and was willing to put two innocent white people in prison if you think about it. so yea this has todo with white people too. the jussie thing is so horrid it crosses that racial line. horrid repercussions for all.


the point isn't for people to *voluntarily* give money to the government to spend. the point is that the government multiplier effect works best when the government takes money from the rich and spends it themselves.


it's also 17 now, not 13.


> bamiyan buddha     >exists          pick one.


just stop being poor lol


but at the same time i'm going to take an insensitive person crying more seriously than a sensitive one, since, by comparison, crying is a regular thing for the sensitive one but a highly irregular and therefore presumably worse situation for the insensitive one


the same dudes calling her a bitch in that thread probably complain about how none of their matches can "take a joke" when they tease them.


i too am a fan of olympic power lifting.


wasnt white


i moved from the country to a suburb near sanfran as a kid just getting into highschool.       my birthday is in june, and there's a specific segment of my friend group who outright ignores my birthday in favor of the pride parades.       i have a very special distaste for pride due to that.          what i learned: you don't have to put up with shit, if the people that claim to support you, don't actually...       those people don't care about you like they should, and you don't have to be in their realm more than you have to.


there are very good points to be made about the difference in societal attitudes towards sex (omg no) versus violence (a ok), but that guy... was not making any of them.


polygon should go the way of kotaku. prove me wrong


i want to say it references suicide squad but i dk why it's boomer and doomer


leaf wants to eat greg


a robotic pig after my own heart.


ok


you wanted a thing? well hell, why didn't you say so? definitely a valid reason to utilize a product without paying for it.


i disagree with everyone else, i'd be happy for you to keep arguing this


imagine how many girls he actually got after that song...facccs


you forgot the steven universe art style for literally everything


it sucks that the_donald is the only sub for trump supporters.  they are pretty much the flipside of all the leftwing bullshit on the rest of reddit.  they banned me for calling them on their bullshit of being almost giddy wanting the notre dame fire to be a terrorist attack.  strongly supporting trump is not a enough.  you must blindly support and be nearly a radical.


haha you just got trolololed my friend


> her campaigning methods are the same.      donald trump had his brother sign him up for a casting call?


i broke down and told my parents i'm suicidal and they didn't give me any support


they ha e profile review threads, are those not any good?


any day now they will be quarantined...


please daddy, will you be the one doing the fucking? you can even use my favorite strap on me


jesus, lady, move on or something... leave me alone already.


i ain't happy i'm feeling glad


what good point? horror movies set in old psychiatric hospitals tend to revolve around vengeful ghosts who were wronged by the doctor or orderlies. its scary because of what happened to them not because of whatever mental inllness they may or may not have had. hell half the time it seems like it was the abuse by the system that drove the patients insane.


and on top of that give his address because he wants to square up


later on they suggest that you wouldn't gain any weight from this.  even though then measure freaking *lettuce* by the *kilogram*.


have you not seen nonce hunters?


imagine thinking a fortune 500 company doesn't silently support republican economic and fiscal policies. this is your brain on liberalism. matter of fact, any **profitable** small business for that matter. it's over for diy-cels.


i'm out of the loop- what's that peter stuff?


i feel like what it shows doesn't matter, this is a sub you don't want any of your coworkers finding out you visit.


i remember watching a video with a chinese guy mentioning that his parents ran a buffet when he was a kid, but they didn't want him eating there because it was "white people food."


nothing more reddit than reeeing over confederate shit and using "soyboy" unironically in current year.


what's the difference between a shavette and a straight razor?


i don't care what her actual ethnicity or background is, all i care is that she looks brown, so i'm gonna call her brown


there will never be a vicky iii


sure you are, btw im also the  president ,donald drumpf


millions go into third world countries every year. but because of corrupt governments the poor stay poor, and the rich in those countries get richer, do these people really think third world countries are shitshows because we haven't pumped enough money into it ?


model kits are a fun way to start.  they're also relatively inexpensive      i'd link a couple good starter gundam kits if you guys are interested


kiwi farms is pretty fucking funny even if null is a creep


freedom is slavery


if she can't understand that people who have no choice of the benefits they get are not the bad guys, then she's not the one for you


who


same, it's been either bad or good in the past years with all the characters that have been shown. the messages oda gives have been generally positive, from what i remember, regarding what  ivankov says to the guy that was mad his father came out as an okama.


i don't think that was big tech, i think that was just because a lot of people on twitter are dems and they follow those types of people; aoc (for some reason) is super popular right now with all the npc's


thnxxxx


same with rbi and every other sub used as a reddit starter kit for a bunch of karma used to avoid the karma gates and to sell off the accounts to be used by vote manipulation bots.       why? just look at the mods...


the genre is generally called musou, just so you know.


i think it was the right decision for me. i still think it's a fun thread and i'll miss posting there.  there are some great people in there that i'll miss.


t h i c c


india came out of nehru's vagina.


yep, one of the reasons i'm in the process of selling my house and moving. shits crazy.


dude bussy lmao


his wife is being rakhi sawant and wants to stay relevant. her only shot to fame was marrying im dim/


that's an odd stance, but how many billions of dollars can you earn us a year though?


i wonder if they will make other neurological?disorders and mental illness into genders? do i get one for my mental illness ?


[voat]([URL]


impossible. think of the shareholders!


which map is this?


occasionally stemm gets used when people want to add medicine in.


imagine browsing r/nhl instead of r/hockey . that was mistake 1


>sub dedicated to some obscure podcast      where have we gone wrong in the past 5 years?


i seem to have posted twice


>repugnant islamophobia      i mean i'm gay i don't want to be shot in a gay club but sure      >misogyny      gussy       >racism      does he hate black people?       i rate this tweet 3/10


i just...... whaaaaaaaa?????


til: white people are the only non-asians that profite from selling asian food.      seriously though, i'm from a country where almost everybody is brown and there is thousands of asian restaurants here.


i've studied calculus i chapter 1, calculus i chapter 2, calculus i chapter 3 and *even* calculus i chapter 4!


/pol/acks react to trump's new haircut


well, they're attempting to, at least.      it doesn't work.


if you work to ensure that those means of production can continue to be productive, then you are a worker.


wtf


it is pretty bad. i'm not for bans of either sub, but i find them both to be quite distasteful.


a nazi's fave pokemon would be rotom-heat, if anything.


i'm fucking shaking right now with impotent poverty! i want in on this so fucking badly!!!


just sayin


when you find yourself in a hole, quit digging  is a great advice for him.


in terms of economic policy, it's hard to imagine anybody being much further right than the republican party. [+18] - /r/bestoflegaladvice


> and while greere's early work is well admired her stance on trans people is not.      but her stance inevitably follows from her early work! as far as i understand it, the foundational principles of radical feminism are that males and females have no innate psychological differences, gender is entirely a social construct, and must be abolished to end female oppression. which is clearly incompatible with the belief that transwomen have female brains that compel them to express female gender roles, and if deprived of that they (and most cis people probably) will become unhappy to the point of attempting suicide.      every time a liberal feminist repeats that gender is a social construct with no biological basis, they affirm that part of the ideology and they only manage to avoid the conclusion by purposefully not thinking it through.


it isn't even much better. flamethrower has 90 basepower and 100% accuracy. fire blast has 110 bp and 85% accuracy. that gives fire blast an average basepower of 93.5. that's better, but not much more than flamethrower.


done


s


this is a parody account by the way.


what does it mean in anime culture that's being misinterpreted? cause it's pretty easy to trace what the word means when referring to trans women in real life, and i doubt any of them care where it came from when they ask not to be called that.  versus yandere, all i know about that word is that one simulator game that generated a ton of drama a couple years ago, and have no way of inferring its meaning since it's not an english word.


fuck anyone who thinks youtube has a liberal bias. seriously. [+240] - /r/breadtube


that's why we need more strong african leadership.


lmao


it was actually upvoted though.


what in 9 types of flour is this stupidity?


the source i gave was a meta analysis of 50 plus studies and your source... oh wait, you don't have one.


if you tweet about bananas but not papua new guinea then you're racist,


i just fear death


open same link with other twitter account or see it in private mode with unique ip you won't see it


the sticky


there's one more now:      > the ending would we better if the cops busted in and blew your brains out all over the walls. maybe the next one.


>people born, people die      dibs on this flair.


no one wants to date the "sick girl."      and i know what you're thinking:      no! that's not true!    there is someone for everyone.    it's not like you're contiguous.      just shut up and listen. it's not that simple. it's never that simple.       dating the sick girl means committing to non-commitment. plans will be ruined, or more likely cancelled. travel is rare or just completely out of the question. dating the sick girl means put a ton of blood, sweat and tears into someone who might not even have a future. it means a lot of days sitting alone on the couch while she naps in the bedroom. it means being taken care of, even though it feels silly, because she understands how fragile the human body can be and she doesn't want to lose you. because you mean everything to her.      and she's not a passing fancy, or a charity case. she doesn't want your pity. she is not interested in a fleeting romance. so much of her life is fleeting, over before it starts. she's only interested in a solid lasting connection, it's something that is so very precious to her because the concrete often feels so out of reach for someone who lives with what she does.        it's hard. it's not easy. it's not always fun.       and i know what you're thinking:      no relationship is perfect.   all relationships have problems.      shut the fuck up because those problems are pretty fucking small in comparison to what comes with dating a sick girl. you don't get it unless you've lived through it. but even then you don't fucking get it because you're not her. you don't feel what she feels. you don't see all of her pain because she hides it from you, because she cares about you and wants to protect you.      and you can't protect her, and it's devastating. you can't protect her, and it makes you feel weak and useless. it starts to eat at you deep down, and it festers there until you can't take it anymore and then you do what seemed unimaginable.      you leave her.       and her heart breaks as it has every time before. she feels abandoned, alone and lost. she lost her rock. and it kills her inside, because she gets why you left, but she is also so angry because you don't fucking get it.       all she needed was for you to be her rock.   solid.   concrete.      and now she's left again with no one to lean on.      because no one wants to date the sick girl.      edit: i'm honestly not interested in any unsolicited "advice".  the information provided is not even substantial enough for any unsolicited advice to even be remotely useful anyway. so if you're feeling the impulse do yourself a favor and keep it to yourself and not make yourself look like an asshole. you're welcome.      this was a rant. an expression of frustration and not meant to be any kind of discussion or condemnation of anyone.       honestly it's kind of ridiculous that i have to explain that.


reddit, most porn sites, alabama...


> bachelors      bachelors refers to men. wom\*n can get bachelors degrees to so we should rename it to something less problematic, sweaty.


yeah, um, thanks for the silver dude but i'm not going to worship you.


given the fact the department is the 2nd largest in the country after nypd, that low closure rate tells me they don't care to solve them.


this is the exact mindset that has us marching to a second american civil war.


she was the littlest of the 4, but she was the oldest too. she always just sat. never played. she ate, drank, and peed and pooped just fine, but never once did she show any interest in playing with the other kittens. i should have taken her to vet. i know i should have.       'course, it's way too late for that now. i found her cold little body, nestled between the other kittens in their bed. gosh, she was so so cold. i buried her in my backyard that morning. another dead cat to add to the list.             i'm sorry wendigo.


people i know who post things like this a lot, i can't quite tell what the roommate being white has to do with this


if you're interested in history i couldn't recommend it highly enough. the moss roberts translation is hands down my favorite book of all time.


> piracy is not stealing.      well it is, because they aren't paying for the product.      [URL]      hahaha, wew fucking lad.


no, the word on lowe's is that soros has a stake in them.


even if jesus was the son of god and did have magic powers, he was rather unprivileged.


my 4 year old asked me who trump was and i explained him as gently as i could. i tried not to scare her, but i shouldn't have worried about my amazing little girl, who sat for a minute then said to me, "whereas it appeareth that however certain forms of government are better calculated than others to protect individuals in the free exercise of their natural rights, and are at the same time themselves better guarded against degeneracy, yet experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms, those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny . . . "


r/formula1       ask them if f1 races are fixed & u will get banned! ask them why all f1 cars look "visually similar" & u will get banned! question the intelligence of f1 engineers & u will get banned! i could go on mate... american media has taken over. it is no longer racing (it never was, coming to think of it) :(


top ten bruh sound effect 3 moments


how is not tweeting about syria islamophobic? like, i'm trying to figure out an angle but i really can't.


anyone else starting to feel like sharing things from r/chapotraphouse is almost cheating?


i think people dying is bad. i sure do hope people stop dying. maybe this tweet will stop someone from dying.      of course there are ways to raise awareness via social media, but not doing so doesn't mean you fucking hate the cause or something. we don't have infinite time and energy to support every cause we agree with in every way possible. i think it's an unrealistic expectation of activism. in my opinion as long as you make some effort in some form to support the issues you care about the most when you can, you're good.


even when he knows he might have to do it!


because research shows that [mere exposure to misinformation]([URL] causes people to incorporate it into their future decisions, [even when they know it's incorrect]([URL]


you forgot capitalism


yes i find that odd! they say they'll buy it on steam to give devs money but steam takes 30% cut of sales


there are huge problems especially with the kids brought in from syria. i know some teachers that can't do anything about the kids in their classes who will fight constantly and even bite each other and other students.


lol, lazy fucks


oof


plot twists in multi-season tv shows occur pretty regularly because an actor wants to leave the show/gets pregnant and takes maternity leave/they change filming locations/etc.


oppressing minorities by paying them money to eat their cuisine... okay.


people like you are the reason this subreddit was quarantined.


things haven't been the same since the steel nerf. that and its poor speed.


the amount of economic illiteracy in that thread is astounding.


man what a burn!


eh maybe but they don't care to feed on animals.    i mean carry as in a host for them.    they may some how end up on em but they won't get a blood meal from em.       fun fact a bed bug will survive up to a year of one blood meal, and they sense co2 from us breathing.


/r/amitheasshole used to be a pretty good sub. now it's been taken over by people asking if they are the asshole for things that allow them to virtue signal their greatness and that no one would think they are an asshole for.      dear reddit,      aita for stopping my crack addicted brother in law from beating my sister while he has sex with his girlfriend in front of their children?


you don't say!


nope. i've seen at least one verified leftie outlet raise the issue.


this is actually fucked. there are people like this out there.


same thing for me. i also have some shitty teeth today because my parents didn't teach me to brush as a child. spine problems, including scoliosis. they never put me in school either so now i'm 23 with almost no educational background. i've also had trouble breathing my entire life and never got checked it with a doctor...      it sucks because you know it was their responsibility to take care of you and teach you while you were a child, but it just feels wrong blaming them for that and i actually like them. sorry for ranting on your post.


watch some sportsball


mra nonsense coming from someone with the username "all people matter". i am absolutely *shocked*! /s


haha probably. my mom did steal money from me and my siblings to buy makeup and stuff ;p


he propably thought that he could get away with it given his "influence" on politics. yet they all seem to underestimate corporate power in this country.


check out /r/fullosbs for a link to /r/suspectedshills for a link to /r/dupont for a link to /r/gmogoldenrice for a link to another of the 320 subs that i moderate.


not all the mental illness in the india's most budhijivi state... no they can't.


i hope he is incarcerated in a federal prison.


>now, even as we have the concentration camps      where


i don't remember where, but i think it's from one of these episodes.      [URL]      i do know that gordon loves asian food to bits.


> the only meat i eat is dick and pussy       her profile says she's 15. and i thought i was insufferable at that age.


you'd see people shrieking about "casual racism" if '*light hearted jokes*' were aimed at nonwhites. love that double standard.      point is: don't drag race into it unless you're ready to get dragged.


no humor is off-limits, as far as i'm concerned. i might not like a joke, but that doesn't give me the right to insist you not tell it.


not all articles


notallpeoplefromalambamaarewhite      :d


wasn't it said that they could have, maybe, saved him. but steve basically said "it isn't worth it, you'd have to kill or hurt the ray"      or something? like he cared more about letting that thing go then killing it just for a chance to live, because it wasn't a sure thing.      edit: i have no idea how stingrays work and i believed the equivalent of an urban legend.  


i swear to god every free jinger thread i've seen discussed 1) cousins and 2) last names! i know they're infamous for thread drift but those 2 seem to be their favorite topics!


if you are helping to get a thank-you, you were never really here to help in the first place.  people that struggle like that and people in general sometimes act in ways we don't understand and like, sometimes people are not ready to accept our help or respond gracefully. still you give it out if you're here to help!


holy shit this can't be real


> just like feminism is a female supremacist movement?      well he's not wrong.


oof


user lays out plan for eliminating gun ownership in the us, involves propaganda campaigns, nsa spying on gun owners, and fining them out of existence. [sh] r/politics


keep going, anon. keep. going.


once upon a time arcanine was ou.  entei and darmanitan are *okay*(though i think they're weaker in the current gen than in previous ones).  bug might be even worse, because i think the only mono bug type that's decent at all is pinsir(and he doesn't really count since the only good variant is mega which gets a flying typing from the mega evolution)


blood for the blood g*d


wait that user has a subreddit dedicated to their bullshit? i'm actually kind of happy i don't know who he is, at least i don't spend *that* much time on here.


dark humor? stop saying that! you are culturally-appropriating jokes made by black people! stop using labels that aren't your own, you racist!


well i got my wallet stolen by 2 black guys (european gypsies) in a 2v1 confrontation. it happened 2 months ago and it hasnt been solved yet, but cops pretty much helped me out more than anyone.


remember that time congress completely controlled a war and we lost horribly because of it?


impossible. he didn't have hair befitting of a main character


zoomer joker was thrown into a non christian  minecraft server.


[URL]


no u


it's so nice that they are protecting people from their bullshit and practicing discriminatory housing practices at the same time.


mia isnt one for self awareness.


>  but i am fucking scared of not knowing wtf i'm doing and slicing my face up      i used to go to a salon where some of the stylists had trained for straight razor shaving.  one of the things they had to do before being able to practice on volunteers was to "shave" a balloon without popping it.  maybe start there.


>regular books      oh yeah, all those "regular books" with no symbolism or underlying themes, like... um... i literally can't think of any even for this bit..


goddamn is the entire internet crawling with pedos? it seems like there's a swarm of them everywhere you turn.


i hope you're joking, that's a bed bug and there the fucking worst.


[URL]


osrs was a mistake. they gave the whiniest subsection of runescape their own game and now they screech endlessly over *everything*.      i remember in 2017 the lgbt pride event. you gathered rainbow pieces and got a scarf cosmetic. this resulted in thinly veiled homophobia. it was hidden behind "the update wasn't polled", which was subsequently crushed by the chants of "we pay, no gay".      tl;dr osrs community is toxic as fuck and this drama is gonna be good.


china ftw


hey aleksikovalainen! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * there is not enough drama to merit an srd submission.       please wait and see if things develop further, or look for a subthread with more drama. make sure you're linking with the proper context.      events such as "x sub was hacked" or "y sub was made private" are not drama in and of themselves - do not just link to a subreddit that was taken over. if there are dramatic happenings around the takeover, please make a self post and include links to drama that users can read.            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


amateur numbers


honestly part six looses in tye later part. the sons of dio feel forced and it just doesn't make much sense. also the end was really confusing and there is reasons why people just don't like it. but the main cast is almost never one of them


i am going to come across as a lewronggeneration type but i really, really miss how society didn't used to be so hypersexual.   like it seems like porn is just everywhere instead of just in adult stores and theaters and in my city there are all these billboards advertising strip clubs.  there are literally 4 in my small city!  also i am tired of almost every show being way over sexualized....it is boring not exciting.


if i've learned anything from my time traveling, people love sharing their food with people from other cultures, and they absolutely love it when other people enjoy their food.             when either my girlfriend or i are sick, we get kimchi jiggae, and last time we went, the imo running the place was super nice to us, because we told her we like that food when we're sick, and she said it reminded her of her daughter who had moved away and always misses her mother's kimchi jiggae when she is sick.             last thing these people would want is us sticking to just american food.


nah they're clearly super pale


i had posted this on fb 2 days ago. who are you op


yeah someone needs to edit it down for a quality pasta.


i've done enough acid to know this is real


if it's wrong... it's wrong


neutral isn't that just being use to the dysphoria tho?      and when you are free from it is now above the normal one?


the explanation probably has something to do with the fact that reddit is and has been a giant festering shithole of censorship since aaron schwartz died.


lmao yes.


anon draws muhammad


i think he just doubled down because he was getting called out and didn't want to feel stupid. and in doing so, made himself look worse


they taste nice      nomnomnom     


this is just instagram art


yeah, definitely simplistic and obvious, but symbolism nonetheless. to give an analog to the linked thread, i suspect someone posting in r/literarydetails (edit: not an actual sub unfortunately)  about how the rabbits symbolize an ultimately futile dream of freedom and self-sufficiency would likely be derided, but for the opposite reason of "english teacher reading too much into it."


it's pretty stupid


me: it's so uplifting to see everyone come together to support parisians through the partial destruction of a priceless architectural marvel that has inspired countless other seminal works of physical art, song, prose and poetry.       twitter: why did you stop talking about my thing. my thing is the only thing that matters, you protofascist


got you beat, i played probably hundreds of hours of dynasty warriors games over the last decade and a half. it's  only game over played on xbox 1 that still has the same distance issues that it had on the play station 2.


nobody in this story exists.


18 works well for adulthood when people aren't infantilized til they're 28


my dad legit did this one time because my mom was craving movie theater popcorn. my parents are weird.


i thought it was funny


'ego violence', *expression*.      1) the act of considering even benign clothing choices as being personal attacks against you, due to excessive ego.


how to ruin a song like a journalist, an analogy


elitism used to be a good thing meaning striving to be the best we can be. then it came to mean looking down on people who failed to meet that standard.       which is sad because now people don't try.


more like 43 seconds


reminder that this place is now just mdelite


not everyone feels the same way though


right because metal detectors would stop a school shooter


let north korea take over.


hes offended by straight pride


exactly. it's not some brutal counterattack, it's "look i can be witty too" and not just a one word answer.


goddamn it, i was thinking the exact same punch line


i once saw an info graphic showing how to "field dress" a rabbit with no equipment. just squeeze that sucker like a tube of toothepaste and fling it at high speed downward and through your legs.


insanely based title op o7


\>humor requires empathy             lolwat


that's true, but i dont see it as that different. it doesnt bother me that basically all the democrats' votes are gotten this way, purely bc im guilty of it too. but i think my decision is based on decently sound political theory, as long as the gop's platform doesnt shift too dramatically out from under me.


stotts should stay, but he's an inconsistent coach that routinely gets swept. if a team considered much less talented took warriors to 6 games, portland should have been able to at least win one, especially when they went up by 15+ points in at least 2 of those games. it is not completely absurd for a fan to want him out, but will definitely be met with anger


add


i can't word my thoughts properly but i think they're made by introverted teenagers who go through puberty and get sad sometimes like everyone else and claim to have depression. as someone with mdd i wouldn't make those memes and i do not relate to them. they make depression look like a joke. annoying.


elon was "consoling" her while she was married to depp.


cao cao performed the nine bestowments. he fully intended to take the throne, he just never got around to it.


the person is right though? some people hate the idea of a scale. it wasn't even a negative or insulting comment. it just stated a different point of view.


good for you and congrats!


beyond that, unhardened cement is "chemical burns" territory. that shit'll eat through bone if you let it.


song name?


r/watchredditdie has gone private. anyone know what happened?


he's on his fucking deathbed and shane died in space


it's not a murder if it's short, it's just a burn. a proper murder looks a lot like this.


/r/insanepeoplefacebook cultivates some organic, free-rage vegan popcorn.


yeah but there's like eight courses of that.


you're an enemy of america.


this but unironically


that is precisely why i don't call myself a leftist any longer. i kept looking at the signs that people weren't allowed to speak out the 'wrong opinion' and the more i listened to the said 'forbidden free speech', the more i ended up agreeing with it and realized that people were hiding the truth because it easily crumbled the world view that the left sets out for itself.


tf is the patriarchy and why does every single sjw complain about it?


hey don't forget his bug bite fetish


fuck it makes me so anxious


baste, bespoke, and centerpilled


and we saw exactly how they took that when the google memo happened.


may i introduce you to the grammatically correct:      > james, while john had had "had," had had "had had"; "had had" had had a better effect on the teacher.


they had to make it about race and the white man™ somehow. they always do.


does your mom know you cracked her wifi password again?


the poster doesn't realize the us has the world's best doctors. one could argue that without universal healthcare, it's a bigger financial burden, but arguing that the level of care is lower because it's not free is ridiculous.


it'd be really dope if reddit had this functionality, but it doesn't.


i don't want a tax cut i want a better america      jesus.


this can be proven if you send the mods video of you fucking some bussy.


it only takes one person.


it's honestly true anywhere. if you hit up a mechanic or electrician in someplace like california or new york, even, you're pretty likely to find they're really not woke at all.


at least they are not as bad as t_d


who the fuck is anyone to tell anyone that their music tastes aren't progressive enough? i could listen to nothing but aryan classical music composers, and nobody in this world has earned the right to say one word about it.


meme for salty bois


just need a knife to skin em. i fuckin nuke chipmunks that burrow all over my yard and rabbits that like to eat my vegetables. get a good pellet gun and cap em


i don't get why conspiracy theorist is a derogatory word nowadays


and that's not even what the memo said, either. that was simply *inferred* by a few people, and then it blew up.


i'm beginning to suspect watermark002 is brazilian. no one outside of brazil gives a fuck about brazilian history.


give him an oscar


oh yeah? what about boxers then?


you can spank me plenty. make up for lost time.       my secret fantasy has always been to have the big brained super genius who cracked the formula of the universe pound my pussy. i didn't know it could become a possibility.


add hyphens and it technically can be 1 word


very correct, it's sad really. i much prefer the shu-han generals. they are portrayed as the good guys of the time. but they weren't utilized correctly.


humidity is the real enemy. not to discount any discomfort you've felt from dry heat. it's still hot. still unpleasant.      but man, dry heat just feels so much... i don't know... cleaner? humid heat clings to you... it's moist heat.       is dry heat bad for gardens? makes sense, but i hadn't thought about it


oh my god, how *dare* gallowboob post something to /r/interestingasfuck.      i don't like the guy either but damn your hate-boner for gallowboob is unreasonably intense.


loduchand op


the absolute state of /pol/ these days


phobia in science means an aversion to, which is what the terms transphobic and homophobic refer to. these terms were coined before the modern sjw existed.


reminds me of the time cube site where it has the most absurdly large font because, in gene ray's mind, it gets into your head better.


i'm not seeing a lot of bullying. most people are making fun of the ridiculousness of the post, you yourself said that bringing up nazis at all was stupid, so i'm not getting the issue here. most of what i've seen isn't attacking them as a person (obviously there are some cunts here) but are making fun of the post.


do reddit commies know you can voluntarily pay more tax to government infrastructure without personal benefit and via tax returns and on w-4 right now?


life isn't worth living lmao.      like come on i bet that if it wasn't for societal preassures most people would kill themselves.


i guess i should have been more clear with my facetiousness.


got banned for saying that we should reach a balance


itt: leftoids shitting on thatcher for doing exactly what they say trump should be doing today


i've watched a few of his videos, i have a bachelor's in history and from the few movies i watched he either leaves out important bits or twists events in many topics he is "debunking" to fit his narrative. what he says is *technically* true, he skips over a lot of stuff that would have built context and often uses character assassination during his interpretation of events to make a person sound evil when he can't easily debunk something. for example, he was doing a video on crowder's reference to the crusades and he pulled up a map of the records of all battles between muslims and christians during the reconquista, he had no idea what he was looking at(he so focused on the crusades, that the muslim-christian conflict during the 700 year long reconquista never entered his mind) so he called the person who came up with it a white supremacist and moved on as if he had somehow proven him wrong.


meh, i like it better than the alternative: every game **has** to go through steam.      which realistically will never happen. but if it does, it'd be microsoft forcing their store in windows, and even then i'll move to linux.


it's the gamer word


for me as a guide, y'all can see me now cause you don't see with your eye you perceive with your mind


if they did they'd want to keep every cent of their money.


north korea's military protects their people from hostile enemies?


i dont see whats wrong with this its just a sub for libertarians?


hehexd


because garbage people watch them


i never wear a jacket till the temps get like 20 or below because i get way too hot in any warmer temps. sorry my dna keeps me from wearing a jacket but i'm not being toxic


apparently so...


the chinballs one got removed


yea


bro, throw your mattress the fuck out while it's not too late, cuz it won't be fun when there are dozens of them.


after talking with a mod from r/politics it appears that your post was officially removed from being off-topic. with the way they have their submission rules structured you are not allowed to make posts that include individuals, groups, or protests without the same article also discussing the political aspect of the individuals, groups, and protests. after looking through the link there appears to be no actual discussion related to politics as it is explicitly related to an event that occurred between politically motivated individuals. maybe post a link over there that also discusses politics? with the way they have their rules structured it appears to prevent any form of political backlash that goes against the far left narrative. no posts about fake news. no posts about political violence. no posts about your opinion of the sub. it is all strictly and rigidly only talking about politics (fake news or not) which will definitely mostly include orange man bad, american rape culture, muh russia, and other events that were not properly vetted.             if you take a careful look at all their posts you will see that they will include far-left opinions **as well** as how it effects politics.


yes one more, why did you choose that system font?


this is especially silly because last time i looked, asians have been very successful at serving their cuisines in the west for a very long time. so it's not like you can claim this one white guy suddenly stole the idea, he just wants to get in on the action. what's wrong with that?


didn't he try to murder one of his baby mamas by burning her house down? i *heavily* suspect dude has an anti-social personality disorder, which is just awesome


inshaaahhla


do it at 100k or mild bitching


people actually think that the daily show is a non-biased, non-partisan, reliable news source? that's terrifying.


augh, i remember that. as a japanese person, it's just so stupid.


i think it's kinda cute but it can be sucky to navigate around when i'm trying to find what's going on with jrod lol!


>and of course you believe them without question... because why would they lie? right?      personally, i believe everything user you've replied to posts. lying is not in their nature.


um actually it's a private platform, so they can do what they want sweetie


discussing this with someone else elsewhere.  remember these things don't get counted as "left wing extremism" the next time someone says right wing extremism occurs far more often


for a man that smart that was incredibly stupid


context: i was having a discussion with a user in r/mildlyinteresting with a user about japan. this thread was well over 3 days old and the chain was hidden deep within the comments. yet, the user's comments were all upvoted to +5 and mine were instantly -2/-3. i said i suspected him of vote manipulating and that i'd be contacting the admins about it.       2 days later, i get a ban message from r/mildlyinteresting accusing me of having abused the report button(i never made a report, i use reddit mobile and the ios app doesn't allow custom reports.)  now if you recall, i made a post 2 months or so ago about a user filing false reports on my behalf there as well. i was threatened with being reported to the admins there as well, yet, here i still am. because, guess what? i didn't make the report. the language and the way the reports are written isn't even how i talk or type and again, why would i report vote manipulation to mods who can't do anything about it?      after denying the allegations and defending myself, i was told the ban was extended, no sweat off my back as the sub is notoriously bad these days and full of facebook level content. i just felt this was an appropriate forum to vent these frustrations. note that he also told me that unless i could prove my innocence, i was banned for good. this is obviously impossible as i mentioned in the screenshots and the only symbol of my innocence would be the admins messaging "we've investigated and taken action as necessary"         modmail: [URL]


pewdiepie is probably a massive cash cow for youtube, i doubt they'd pull him very easily. he's one of the few people i can imagine that, if he switched platforms, people would follow.


tfw a nation if 80million tries to tackle a nation of 180 to 200 million and expects to win


wtf bro they use heroin from afghanistan that's why it's so cheap


pika pika is now an alt right dogwhistle, so if you ever see a kid doing pikachu noises make sure you bikelock them in the head appropriately


payal is hot though


not really. the egomaniacal post-sports almanac 1985 biff in bttf 2 had some trump influence but the original character isn't actually based on donnie. that's just a stupid thing bob gale said to get his name in the news again. if it were a real thing he'd have mentioned it in the commentaries.


no u


>one very specific religious belief is indisputable, even though large parts of that religion offer salvation from suffering


metal mein bhi variety hai, (although i love rock as well) par metal mein soft nahi hai. for example arch enemy, rammstein aur marilyn manson zyada hi dark aur loud hai.


womb-men.


michelangelo wrote a shitton of homoerotic poetry and his poetry in a modern tongue was the first to be done from one man to another, beating shakespeare's sonnets by decades.  he wrote 48 funeral epigrams for this one man who died, and members of his family censored his poetry for centuries, changing the pronouns to make it straight.             so...probably almost definitely not straight.


when will the people saying captain marvel was so good and such a great feminist movie vs. battle angel alita finally realize:      monica rambeau is a thing. you know, daughter of one of carol danvers's friends, so she was even in the movie as an extra. she had the "captain marvel" name for a while in the 1990s.      captain marvel fans are so excited for the feminist movie that they are happy to ignore a black woman could have been in the role to give another honor to a pretty blonde white girl.


don't follow the people you know on facebook. you will be disappointed :(


>"it's all i have but i will give it to you, please just have the abortion".      its cheaper than child support. i would try a similar offer, as morally reprehensible as it might be (discussable).      as for her, i dont know, depends on the person i guess, but its a nice incentive.


>she's like in her 40s-50s. remember that lol.      based wine aunt


> nothing is ever good, ok, or improving. everyone is evil, the world is ending, corporations control our minds, the kkk is lighting their torches, and the gop is stealing elections from the popular vote.      all of this unironically      except the kkk is basically defunct, the torch boys were different. and classifying people as "evil" is nonproductive 99% of the time


literally a joke calm down


how come when /r/drama goes private dudes just make /r/drama2 but /r/blackpeopletwitter is apparently the place to be.


duh


i'm always afraid to lose the people i love


boo


do a kool flip


plebbiters and denying personal responsibility. name a more iconic duo.


so should we not report him to the fcc for failing to disclose which posts are sponsored in any way?      and also social media influencers are stupid as fuck and never know the whole context, so like another comment here said: probably the net was to keep animals away from construction for their own safety.


i should have but i work all day and most of the night while i'm here. it's only a week. i'll be home on saturday.


also the remaining 994 skittles are oatmeal-flavored.


jai anjani putra bajrang bali


same here it seems cringey when they do it. in my mind male and female are similar to penis and vagina. slightly more scientific wording


leftists think that stable, high-trust, high-iq populations are the *result* of european social programs, rather than the *prerequisite* for them.


idk wtf happened in the recent years but most of the funny comes from the right nowadays.       if you ignore the comedic geniuses over at r/politicalhumor of course


i wish they would do another mad max film with electric cars +42


*gold*      dragons hoard *gold.* and they do it because gold is soft and corrosion-resistant, so it makes an ideal nesting material that the young can also teethe on. they don't *eat* it, the adults hoard it to prepare for their eggs hatching, and younger, immature dragons hoard it because it reminds them of their childhoods, nostalgia-style.      everyone knows this. hell, even a few khlads know this, and people from klah are, by-and-large, morons!


> can someone please explain to me why i'm getting downvoted for this?      because all you had to do was provide an example of a andgy ngo link not being scrubbed by r/politics to make your case.


ask any gun channel how much they make off of ad revenue and tell me again what yotube's bias is.


this is pretty tragic, i have been in your position on most of your points, i don't want to sound to crast but i do believe he was sincere to a degree but i do believe you got played.


the foundation of their argument is that it is self-defense against "what they will do."      of course, by this logic, anybody is justified in punching pretty much anyone; after all, "what will happen" if "the other guy" is left unchecked is, very recently, always described as quite bad.      so the con can say "i punched the lib to prevent communism!" and the lib can say "i punched the con to prevent nazism!"      ...and both will basically have equal weight in their justifications, and we're left with a bunch of punch-drunk assholes everywhere, lol.


did i say that i resent my parents or did i lament that i am in pain for no reason? i love my parents. we all have our demons. i think they did as best as they could. i've emotionally moved on. goodness, my mother is long dead. i'd be pretty miserable if i hated or resented her. it doesn't change the fact that the physical effects don't go away though.


so whiny


sure, but after taking the meds for their 自閉症 how do they pull it off? does it just come to them like its as easy as breathing or what?


that poster ended up being an abusive troll, for the record.


[made me laugh]([URL]


i agree. and as a big girl want to whole heartedly  apologize  to all the girls i said this to in high school.  it really boils down to jealousy.  everyone  has this need to take everything to far the other way, as if that is somehow  justice  by making  the other group  of innocents  feel shitty like we used to. the way i see it now, not my body...not my business. besides a person  shouldn't be  defined  by their shape.


i don't think i'll ever be truly happy again


got banned for 7 days from r/fantasyfootball for posting two links to a friend's fantasy website back to back days. two different articles. other members of the subreddit commented how they enjoyed reading the articles and, sparked constructive debate. mod power trip.


imagine being this bitter that someone different than you exists


oh, you mean those two words out of context in speech marks? i got you. ok, so what agenda were you talking about?


same. i'm pretty sure jolyne is one of the more popular jojos in the fandom, people just don't like the part she's the main character of. same with the jobros (and josisses?? what's the term people use for f.f. and hermes????) just because a part of a franchise is generally disliked doesn't mean it's because of the cast of characters.


not really. that deeply depends on your own time period and the point that you were looking back at. for example, confucianism taught that the past was more civilised and virtuous than the present. the roman empire is still thought of as a peak of civilised society and a model for the modern world. in fact, the first time i can think of that people began to say that the past was barbaric was in the renaissance.


mashallah bhagwa everywhere. who knew akhand bhagwa 2.0 will start with kaneda & murica.


your dad sucked at bullying...


put a torch down, first.


yup.


hey now, you're going to need that romanism if you're going to crusade


r/woooosh


can you isn't


and 2d is blue, and murdock and ace are both green.


hate hoaxes attack both the group framed by the hoaxed attack, and secondarily harm the very community the hoaxer intended to "help" by wasting of resources. everybody takes a hit.       there's a tendency to dismiss the crime among the hoxer's demographic, "i can understand why." no, your group was made to look the fool, and you made your neighborhood worse.       the way to reduce this type of crime is to understand that nobody wins. it should be toxic to both parties.


the whole sub is pictures of failed wit, the bar is already pretty low.


[whoa, be careful]([URL]


hmmm ... that's twitter.      did our author just confess to a crime in a public forum where they cannot permanently remove their confession?      i would suggest that if that is the case, they'd best be hoping everyone views it as a /r/thathappened


is he one of us now?


it's funny how they have to misrepresent "women and girls who like homoerotic smut" as "women with sexual interests". they can't even really say "there's nothing wrong with liking smut about dudes who like dudes", they have to cry misogynist wolf. i tried to come up with an analogy. the closest i got was furries, and even that's off.      notice how op has no problem with the western slash/yaoi fangirls who call themselves "fujoishi", just the people who use the term as a pejorative. even though it has negative connotations in japanese too.      and, of course, let tired-fan use the term to make basically the same criticisms spooky did, without blocking 'em.


> i was only pretending


install dissenter for now and get un moderated discussion. voat is ok but seems to suffer from mass russian bots. or other bots that post anti jew every thing to keep the site from getting popular


everything's a theory.


we all know once a handout is established with the american people it's almost politically impossible to scale it back or remove it completely.  it's why we nobody wants to touch the radioactive swamp creature we call social security even though it will be insolvent by 2034.        obama was focused on providing a welfare program, not fixing health care.  it's why the majority of the bill was about moving poor people to medicaid programs and price gouging politically weak demographics in order to subsidize politically strong ones.


it's really hard for people to take statements like this at face value, because it just reads like emo teen crap.  


> white       are you color blind?


burqa doesn't agree.


i believe a solid half of what we comment on here is in that category


hey odessa_plus_plus! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * your post requires users to hunt for the drama.       you linked to too much content for users to find the drama easily.      please link directly to the comment thread containing the drama. if the comment you're linking to requires some context, add "?context=x" to the url, where "x" is the number of parent comments you want displayed. if there are multiple drama threads create a self-post containing the relevant links. please see [here]([URL] if you'd like more information            if you're unsure how to use context or to submit a write up, please check out our [wiki](/r/subredditdrama/wiki/ruleswiki_using_.3fcontext).            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


well here i go down the rabbit hole...


when the extra police work appears in the form of racist profiling then yeah, obviously


the westernization of chinese food in america is actually a great example of cultural diffusion, combining two entirely different cultures together. just throwing my two cents in. i suggest ramsay work with actual chinese people experienced in making their food to make the food extremely authentic, if not it would be just the same as the chinese food you find in, say, a local chinese restaurant in missouri. i'm not asian but i think that's the best course of action.


to be fair, you have to have a very high iq to understand the backstreet boys.


i'm lucky enough to have friends that while some of them don't fully understand my sexuality they are all accepting. as far as my family, i just don't talk to them about my sexuality, they all think i'm a lesbian/bi because i don't date or talk about guys and i just stopped telling them i wasn't into girls a long ass time ago.


their voices are not being heard


the map


if the chinese in my corner of nz only sold to chinese they'd starve by thursday.


lol ok


meanwhile they watch 6 hour videos on fan theories for star wars.


lol from reddit


i mean, 13-14 still can't legally make their own decisions, and rape is a big jump from regular bullying. it's obvious these kids need serious counseling and their parents to get their asses beat in the town square.      would not be surprised if one of the family members was the child molester that started this.


quality over quantity. i'll say stop downvoting lolcows as long as you keep doing it. where's the drama? me saying the same thing over and over again?      no, you upvote the lolcow, keep feeding them the attention they need. they'll keep grazing the r/drama field, getting nice and juicy and we just keep milking them for the lolz. until one day they break down and we can cut them up. maybe put some salt and pepper on them, garlic butter, thyme, and roast em.


i wonder which race of people made that ad


thanks, brother


most pirates don't buy the game later to play online multiplayer.


i can't believe you've done this moment


she was taking her opportunity to grandstand. i doubt she has an opinion on anything concerning anything she was talking about


shit happens, but that doesn't give you an excuse to act as if everyone owes you something.


trump was still a billionaire before he ran for president. if trump were the spectacular failure these people make him out to be, pretty sure he would be homeless right now.


how much of a problem is hate crime? | justin murray


just appeal your ban. i'm pretty sure they'll accept it. the ct mods aren't that cancerous.


be happy.      sexuality has brought this disgusting species to its fucking knees.


oh yeah, these types *hate* cops. apparently all cops are evil because they support a system that gets abused by shitty people.


holy shit my sides


i found the coverage was very sensible. they were repeatedly saying how it was pak caving under indian pressure doing something under geneva accords. they also ran the bit about our soldiers being killed in encounter today and pakistani shelling on border.


i have to disagree. this is just too much when you also add in the tags and the fact the person put their wgs major in the post. it screams satire to me.


americans online have this weird obsession with making their country simultaneously the best and worst at everything.


don't worry, i'm working on a large write up of some really obscure wikipedia drama. it'll be done soon.


i think its really interesting when you ban certain pokemon, how many strategies pop up. when it was x&y vgc was the wild west with pokemon like primeape seeing moderate success.      too bad the few legendary pokemon cause too much imbalance that they hold the entire competitive scene hostage.


....nazifurs?  comradefurs?  those are a thing, what the heck??      also i *really* don't like cth but man that gamer-american flair is absolutely incredible. ^^^^^rise ^^^^^up


yes, my other question is what the actual fuck?


it's okay, ive tried it before and it gets old pretty quick. i think the trick is to type out a bunch of them then put the words inbetween


he giveth, he taketh, for free


wooh


a pointless post that simply... ends out of nowhere


my phone auto corrected. jesus i should play less overwatch lol


s


i mean, current year guys... current year! (not disagreeing with you, but "current year" is never a good counter to any argument)


apparently it's patriotic to tear down the flag to protest our "current nazi government"


there are no races.


they will not give me a reason.


yeah, whoops i'll fix


in other news, crank yankers is coming back!


hey [](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)[](explode parrot)


nice.


huh, neat


i think he's more or less confirmed that will happen.      this will make it even more evil when it's discovered she's the ua traitor.


lol, aren't we all...


i see this a bit 25/75: 25% of me is like "damn i guess i said the wrong thing since they didn't comment" and the other 75% is definitely the "yelling into the void" poster. i actually just posted something just to get it out of my system. i didn't really need responses....and i understand what you mean: "why can't they write it in their journal?"      i also write in my journal, but sometimes it's nice just to see people who have felt my struggle without any judgement. that's why i like reddit. no one knows me here and i'm able to just be myself rather than plaster a smile on my face all day like i typically do. ‍♀️


i like how he brings in the alt right and incels. what a virtuous white knight fighting the oppression of pikachu, a secret recruit of alex jones.


your calculations... don't make sense. you don't just multiple base power by accuracy. fire blast can net some key kos that flamethrower might not. i've never heard of anyone in pokemon "averaging" base power. i like flamethrower but your weird logic doesn't apply to pokemon.


glaceon is best


instruction unclear


it's not by choice. i've never had a boyfriend


what does  the "i" even stand for?


sometimes i come across a post in subreddits about anxiety, depression, confessions (or this subreddit) where a person is in a desperate place and is asking for advice, help, or a willing ear to listen. if i have the time, i write out well-thought out (but not overly long) comments that offer advice based on my own life experiences, links to resources that could help them, and encouragement. i usually end by wishing them the best and hoping that things turn around for them.      usually i get a nice response thanking me, asking some questions, or occasionally it turns into a lengthier discussion. but there are always some people who don't respond at all. sometimes there are numerous comments from a bunch of different people and the op doesn't respond to any of them.      i just think it is a shitty move. someone takes time out of their busy life to offer you helpful advice and you can't even say thank you?? it is common courtesy. don't have to engage in a conversation, just say thanks. otherwise you are kind of an asshole.


after working with both of them, i have reason to believe that awkwardtheturtle and n8thegr8 are gallowboob's alt accounts


reminder that none of these people have, to this point, nor will they ever, receive compensation for their extensive services, and this has clearly been the paradigm under which they labor for the entirety of their tenure.


>as we continue to learn more about johnny depp/amber heard... i think now is a good time to remember that if heard did lie, she's the exception not the rule. most domestic violence reports are not fabricated. this is a fact.      remember blue checks, even when we're wrong, we're not wrong


enriching a warlord is a local cause, technically.


that' s right, i love everyone  and each and everyone of you ......


so anything someone says is true now? i heard all extreme leftists are serial rapists.


when they became disenfranchised like most of the south.


right? sorry i'm fat but that means i get hot fast and easy. plus i live in texas so i only wear a jacket like 2 days a year lol.


i'm sure that was some part. i'm not disagreeing with you. but i don't think it was anywhere near the majority. and as the economy is doing quite well right now, if he wins again, that will be even less of a reason.


and this is.the kind of person who makes me still think the term queer is derogatory.      because a good chunk of the people who use it are racist, sexist assholes!


that's as bad as a transgender and a homosexual shooting up a school, then blaming the conservatives for the act.[URL]


i dont know, i havent seen a single person bother defending steam, but there is a suspiciously large number of people willing to go all out to defend epic specifically.


fair point, but even so guan yu is still a very prominent figure in chinese mythology; like i don't hear stories of budai as much as i hear stories of guan yu. and there's something to be said about the fact that the hong kong triads and police ask for blessings from the same god, guan yu, the ultimate chad


dang, he goes straight to the antivax conman source. that's what former doctor wakefield was pushing.


right? and i think it's so fucked up that you are getting down voted for saying this.


life is suffering that ends in death. i haven't experienced joy in life, and even the happiest life ends in pain and fair and death. bringing a child into the charnel house of existence is immoral.


i posted this on another subreddit and no one got it


abcde


> she is traditionally a strong and independent woman who is firm in her convictions, focused on her career/fitness goals and generally just an all around beauty      fucking what


can i assume you're fairly young, say under 30?


taboo


first free american empire. then greenland. then the european hordes. soon we will live in eternal light of america!!!


> it's complete bullshit that r/politics are scrubbing the sub of this because it is a story      but that wasn't my case


go support maduro or something.


thread about jared kushner on r/themueller: "can we bring back public hangings for treason thx" [+142]


why hate fire? firephobic?


three week is a long time to be on that diet, so respect to him.


or got a dog incompatible with local climate in the first place.


it's a lazy adaption of "we pay we say" from the 2008 drama, where the wilderness (the only major pvp area in the game at the time) was removed after controversial polling on the issue.


akhand bharat phir se ayega inshallah inshallah


>no one cares where you work or what you pretend to know.      yoink.


i don't really know what the alt right is but i know for a fact the incels are the alt left lol


> lumpenproletarians      i never really liked people using lumpenproletarian as an insult, that's just the name of a class that marx thought would be unlikely to help the proletariat in a revolution but people seem to just use it as a "leftist" excuse to say that the poorest and disenfranchised people are bad.


this in particular was the drama i wanted to post about because it sparked a rather intense discussion about what was acceptable and what wasn't. the whole argument that it was interfering with the girls ability to obtain autonomy was very..... very.


is orange man bad there?


there are quite literally no good pure fire types.


huge catholic population


bruh


please, call me god.      or is that too above you?


lmao he frequented military amd army subs for a while.  has his own memes and copypasta.  the whole saga is quite amusing


i always move out of the way for people but would probably intentionally run into a person who did this.          then again, people like this love lawsuits.


i used to cry all the time as a child and told adults how i used to be treated at home . they chalked it up to me being a sensitive kid and one teacher even went as far as calling me a cry baby in second grade and refusing to speak to me until she absolutely had to.       home was hell, i was called useless , fat , dumb , and everything in between. i'm held back a year because they didn't bother putting me in school when i should have been and i'm just so pissed that i could be graduating this year but i'm not!       this past year i was kicked out of the house so i stayed with a friend. two weeks in my friend's mom suggested i try to make bite the bullet and go home because "you've always been a sensitive kid" . really ? go back to an abusive place , because you perceive me as sensitive ???       there's a reason i cried almost every day. i don't anymore , because i'm not around them. don't just brush off a child when they react negatively to something , real things might be happening to them but you wan to take the easy way out and label them as sensitive. i will never forget the teachers and parents who played dumb when it came to how my home like was. i will never forgive them either .


at least it's not harry potter


so now it's ok to accuse people of white washing even when they characters aren't drawn white? at least be consistent


no, then it's called affirmative action.


easter european youth vs muslims in western europe epic style


um, you're all misspelling kecleon, the *superior* eeveelution.


dont support minorities and their business you bigot ree


nobody can stay in one building for years and be same afterwards, just look at all the wizardchan posters


to quote another redditor on another thread "obeying the law is breaking the law"


partially.      the other part is that community is filled with whiny brats.


seen this statement about 100x now, still disingenuous. they're obsessed with identity politics


this makes sense


you  bad  me  good  full  stop


because it gives men access to women's only spaces, such as locker rooms, showers, women's shelters, and even prisons.


technically no, it's really shitty tho


damn i know a jaxon in my school


carl can suck my chode


> our taxes went up      ...      89.5% of people earning >100k got a tax cut.      i'd put even money on you actually getting a tax cut and being too brainwashed to realize it.


question 1: how dare you?


> ...this company has been telling people for 20 years what many feel they have never heard genuinely on their own.      correct. i have never heard "pika pika" genuinely on my own.


someone else said it first: he believed it because it's exactly the kind of dumb comment that he'd make (and has made).


the first and second crusades as crowder calls them


> the only times calling the cops on black peoples made headlines were the times racists freaked out and called the cops for them just being there.               in a few of those cases it did turn out that the black people were technically breaking rules or laws. whether it rose to the level of having to get police involved is debatable but they were still rule breaking. but i don't think having to talk things out with the police rises to the level of melodrama.


i got banned from r/memes for commenting "peter good" on a post about peter


awareness of your own mortality and the inherent suffering of life isn't 'emo teen crap'. i can cite millennia of literature and philosophy. the epic of gilgamesh deals with it ffs.


the book came out during the lead up to his canonization, so his portrayal in it having critical elements was considered quite controversial at the time of its release.       for example, his narrative arc closes with an appearance to a taoist hermit as a ghost vengefully demanding the return of his head. the hermit, knowing of lord guan's great reputation and famous deeds, asks what about the men whose heads guan had taken himself (he recites an abridged list), who will return them? spurned, the ghost vanishes and lord guan exits the narrative.


welcome to chinese philosophy.


and looks like hes actually smart, and isnt flashing his 'evidence' all over the net to put her through the shit he had to, after her 'black eye' that she happily showed off to the media during the last round of this.            sure shes getting crucified right now, but imagine the sheer chaos of showing a video of her throwing that bottle at him and screaming while hes not touching her would cause on the internet and her life? tho she likely deserves it.


it seems like most big youtubers get into merchandising. i see no issue with it.


>gallowboob gets an insane amount of coverage in a sub completely unrelated to the topic of what he posts. blatant abuse of power.      ...like here?      wtf is this about?


my parents did something g similar to me when i was young and hadn't been doing well mentally. i snapped and approached them late at night, hysterical and all i could say was "there is something wrong with me head". my parents became angry and told me i had it easy. that i needed to shut the fuck up and go to bed.       get out of there. you must. for your safety. even if it's a struggle. it'll be a different struggle that you can handle. and you'll find your support system. it takes a while. i found mine and i haven't been this stable in years. it's not easy. it won't happen over night. keep clawing outofthat hole. soon you'll reach sun light. and it'll be worth it.       dm me if you need to chat.


i don't really care when people give me shit for being a girl or accuse me of using a voice changer, i just talk shit back, but a lot of the times it isn't even just joking banter? as for being assertive, apparently i just sound like a guinea pig if i try to make myself sound "bigger" for lack of a better term. i can take a lot and dish it all right back, but sometimes hearing people be disgusted by me just existing is a bit too heavy to carry


eerily so. op, if you haven't read brave new world, do so.


my best friend, who i grew up with and had a huge crush on, and i began talking again after almost 10 years. back in the day it was the fantasy childhood sweet hearts. we were two peas in a pod and loved being around eachother. well fast forward a few years we started being intimate. our family eventually found out and she left me and i left home. now 10 years later she reached out to me out of the blue and we started talking. side note, 2018 as a whole was the worst year of my life. when i say the whole year, every month, every day was emotionally and physically taxing to a degree where my hair is literally thining and  falling out i mean it(my hair used to be thick and healthy).       so we start talking and it feels as though no time has passed at all. its great! i cant believe she is talking to me again. but in my gut i know its just a rebound text(my mom told me she recent broke up with a 2yr relationship). well she isnt doing to well either and she tries to kill herself so i call out of work for a whole week and i am across the whole country the next day to see her in the hospital. she is finally released and we have an amazing week together! doing everything, always laughing and just enjoying eachothers company. but theres an issue, she constantly lied to me, about stupid stuff. she is a terrible liar but i never called her out. even her mom told me she was sleeping with multiple people and when i asked she lied about her previous relationship even though she brought that up. there were so many red flags that i ignored, so many times she made herself to he victim to everything and i knew was trying to get me to feel sorry for her, and i ignored them all because i wanted to support her. on the last night we are snuggled up in her bed as we did everynight and she keeps pulling me on top of her to just "get closer" as she says (yeah okay). we start kissing and i ask over and over if its what she wants (i dont want to have sex but i wanted her to be happy and she seemed to really want to) and you can guess what happened. well i drive home that night and cry all the way home because i know i was just used.       over the next couple weeks she slowly talks to me less and less and barely wants to see me after i move back home after almost 10 years away. i finally call her and confront her and she tells me nothing has changed and hasnt talked to me since.       i am so disgusted with myself for being so easy and ignoring all the signs that she was manipualting me. i cant even look at her because she isnt even the same person she used to be and it hurts so much. not a single apology or an attempt to say anything from her. i dont know why she used me and i am so broken up about it. i told her all the shit that went down even about me losing my daughter that year (2018) and she still did this. idk what to do. i want peace but she wont talk to me anymore.       p.s. there were so many more flags and signs i ignored from family and friends but this post is long enough.      tl;dr:  my best friend/sweet heart from child hood called me up after 10 years. she was struggling so i went to help her out. my time with her was great but there were alot of red flags i ignored. i didnt want to sleep with her but she kept pushing so i did then she started to distance herself from me. i feel so used and disgusted with myself and i dont know why she did it.


td was extremely pro-cop they make pro-cop posts that make the frontpage all the time you're delusional if you think that wasn't a falseflagging cth poster or a single crazy person.


and?


it's because people who organized the event such as mark sahady have ties to other "right-wing identity politics" type organizations.


idk if you mean the sub mods or reddit admins but it's not in reddit's content policy so they cant do anything


*tri-county text*


if she keeps going maybe she will be as famous as jim morrison


10 n 5


piracy is one of those things that people try to be moral about. it's like drinking, it's good if you don't but don't try to say it's the moral stance


> rep. omar: yes or no, do you think that massacre was a fabulous achievement that happened under our watch?      > abrams: that is a ridiculous question.      > rep. omar interrupted: yes or no?      > abrams: no.      > rep. omar: i will take that as a yes.         lol


i just laughed at that old man beating the shit out of asshole on a bus. they called him epic beard man because those were the days when hearing the word epic didn't make your soul hurt from pure cringe.


literally any sub that discusses any topic within a 10 mile range of politics


wext test


/r/the_donald


admins shut down and influence content on subreddits all the time.


sadly, you're not the only one. my dad is an alcoholic and abused my mom, my sisters, and me. me and my sisters would get grabbed by the face every time we would get in trouble by him. one time, he grabbed my face and then threw me onto the ground. my mother had it worse. she was pushed, hit, yelled at, manipulated, and kicked. it's no surprise that after 13 and a half years, they got divorced. we still see him and the house is a shit hole.


they did that? since when? what's the number now?


list of people who don't deserve basic human decency:      * pedophiles      * abusers      * the one organization responsible for stopping pedophiles and abusers


overcome adversity! choose your own destiny!      loljk youre the reincarnation of amazingness and here's the worlds strongest big bad out of nowhere      oh and everyone ends up with who you think they would... except for choji. he gets *throws dart*... the black girl from 30 chapters ago


exactly. i didn't even participate, and i even disagree with the majority opinion, but it would be pretty hard to argue that there was anything grossly uncivil going on. if a minority of comments being a bit snarky was uncivil enough to warrant locking an entire thread 90% of threads would end up locked.


aren't there specific rules for public subreddits specifically to prevent the       >this is our subreddit. participation here is a privilege and not a right.          kinda reaction?


chicago police say the two persons of interest have not been charged with a crime - no evidence they're involved in the physical attack. "we know who they are and have brought them in for questioning" a cpd spokesman said.


that sub is literally the most perfect example of [this xkcd]([URL] that i've ever seen.


please disregard me upvoting the comment: i tend to do that auto matically


[serious]      # who is this?


screw both sexes


do you have a source?


no one needs to recruit anyone, these freaks are chasing away people themselves


my radically centrist view is that their island can sink as long as we let their sitcom creators have citizenship here.


that's some banjo shit.


jesus the dnc is really pulling the leash with 2020 coming up.


nah, you've got 500 year old justices like rbg playing weekend at bernie's to destroy the bill of rights


[put my name in twitter search and see democrat russian bots in action i love setting them off they are so easy to manipulate and prove that certain tweets trigger them - my question is who is paying the trolls ]([URL]      now this is how you own the libs


i know i shouldn't get worked up over stuff like this, but i hate this shit. i hate the shirts that say things like "girls always lead" and "who run the world? girls". it makes me feel like these people's ideal world has no place for me or my gender, and you know feminists would absolutely lose their shit if those shirts said "boys" instead.


savage


the most elusive part is that the drama was not directly about the duggars


[the last time he told the story about getting fired, there was no racist message involved.]([URL] notice that these posts are talking about the exact same firing in june 2018.      edit: [he also made this post the day before getting fired talking about wanting to get his employer in trouble with the state.]([URL]      another strange thing is that he claims in his post to have messaged them first saying, "my father just passed, thanks for making a hard time harder". i don't use instagram, but the screenshot makes it appear that there was no prior message.


the outliers prove these differences are not innate, but cultural. if they were innate, they would be present in every culture. that's the "magical math" you describe.   my mother is a doctor, yet she still managed to have two children. you can be pregnant and have children while being and training to be a doctor.    it's just not easy for most moms and even dads, due to huge daycare costs and minimal maternal and no paternal leave. i think improving the childcare system in this country would help a lot more women be able to be both a parent and a doctor.   can we at least agree on that?


something you downvotes


who's wale? i'm surprised he didn't take that bait. someone taking the high road on you when you're hitting low is rough. you'll get 'em next time demi.


wait that isn't just a silly little beetle? i see these in my bed sometimes


early      and      often


y'see, funny thing is, i'm on mobile, and on mobile, nsfw communities are automatically unable to be viewed.


it's too vanilla, doesn't count.


i don't get it, what's the context? you just posted an old screenshot of removed post...


i hate that white people forced black people to start eating the cocaines. trump is responsible, somehow - i know it, the maga men are forcing black men to buy and consume the cocaines by intimidating them with their white male cis straight privilege.      /s


i honestly don't know why i'm subscribed to this sub, because everything these people say is so fucking stupid. dumb people are guna' say dumb shit. i guess i'm more subscribed to see how pervasive this idiocy is becoming.


i know about those ghost itches. i slept on top of the covers in clothes for a bit after the fact


anon has a tinder date


india today wale to **literally** nach rh th


>asking for an answer to a question that comes down to personal flavour is is stupid.      >it's a matter of flavour      [i think he meant to say "personal taste", but cats are cute]([URL]


today i feel excluded and i'm literally so annoyed.


that dudes whole post history is so weird. five years and fewer than 100 karma. they post like one post and five comments a year but nothing substantial.


>posted from my iphone


my only experience with gomi is one time there was apparently a thread about my ex (who was mildly tumblr-famous) and i had no idea what was going on. i felt bad for the people posting there because who cares that much about petty internet drama, but here i am posting on srd, so....


i'm not sure how companies expect people to believe these are real accounts while giving them multiple gold for asinine comments. then again, this is reddit


but she put stop in all caps


ben is jus so funny an epik with his awsom joeks xd


yeah, my sister had committed suicide and my mom was already doing therapy for it so she thought it would be good for me, which it has been


r/ageplaytales got banned so maybe they're next?


fucking gun grabbers. now i can't even get my anti-ectoplasm bullets anymore. i've been sitting around carving crosses onto my shit with a bowie knife! if there isn't a "defend yourself against the devil" subclause in the second amendment there sure as hell should be.


i commented there about politicians calling people to violence and harassment, proceeded to be banned for "trolling" despite no such behavior. in fact, we were having a decent discussion until the tyrannical mods came along.


only if they're not quark's mom, apparently.


guys can be molested/raped too.


the post itself is mocking someone calling out transphobia and most of the comments are explicitly so. if you don't see denying the validity of trans people as hateful..


i hope saidit.net picks up traction.


*yoooooooooo!!!!* it's your **1st cakeday** obsidian_mind! ^(hug)


john lennon was 14 and this is deep.


anon is a failed normie


fruit salad yummy yummy!


depends on the cultivar.


lucky thing he didn't hit the baby.


feels like such a weird post from her, like "here's strong women who should be celebrated, btw crosby's a woman haha" like the only joke is that it's insulting to call crosby a woman so isn't she also saying women are weaker or that being called a woman is bad? weird case of having your cake and eating it too.


they're being killed at roughly 3x the rate, maybe a bit lower.     see chart 9: [URL]


try a video game that normally you would've completely dismissed as not being what you like. try to expand your horizons.


seriously reaching on that title, op


sum ping wong


huh. from the title i was expecting dahmer.


why would you subpoena mueller to hear what he has to say when he wrote you an entire report detailing it?      these people are fucking idiots.


plus op's claim would only apply to english.


for real. he's clearly mocking donald trump's muslim ban with the language "until we figure out what's going on."


> or they could just not do illegal drugs?          -102


they spent so much time trying to squeeze her into being a pop star, it was ridiculous. she sucks at pop music, but she can do hip-hop just fine.


he makes some good points like his video on ww2 and claims that it was white mans war.


we blue checks, even when we're wrong, we're not wrong this is a fact.        


i'm just waiting for him to discover that you can genocide species by turning them into food and eating them in stellaris.  


we've got jackets and a newsletter, join the male-ing list


lol assuming it's about politics. it's not dude. i actually have no clue what his opinions are. i don't pay attention to politics or anything related to politics but i hear people mention him a lot, how he is "polarizing" (you love or hate him), and then i look him up finally, see his face on my screen and got scared.


what?   


wait... what all did converse do?


you can get australia to ban anything. just say "i love ____ and hate muslims!" on the internet. boom, ____ banned in emuland.


true that.       i got a taste of that in college, went to app state in boone, nc. winters are longer, summers less hot, (than raleigh, where i live now) but there were still some pretty brutal weeks in june-september, and most of my housing was without air conditioning.       i can deal with being too cold in a house. there are coats and blankets. being too hot? that's just miserable. my sympathies for the scots


time for a crusade


what's so bad about the mr. t experience?


the byzantines were christians. whether they were in asia or not, it didn't matter. when they contacted the pope, yes, it was viewed as a war of aggression, notwithstanding the fact they viewed the holy land being under occupation to also be an aggressive act. muslim rulers were also very obviously eyeing eastern europe and entering into europe through spain, trying to attack further east multiple times. was there an ulterior motive for most of the crusaders and even the pope, and are their motives almost completely alien to a modern human? yes, of course, that doesn't mean the three arrow needs to say crowder was completely wrong, because he *wasn't.* both completely stripped any complexity from the situation to make one side look more innocent than the other.


> because i recall reading that they are most likely to be resident of cities which have long been dominated by the democratic party. in which case isn't that an indication that the democrats have failed to do right by them?      doing right by them means losing their votes


i'm not the of poster. it just wouldn't let me post the link. lolll. hello there.


the mods are 100% within their right to do that, one of the posts you're using as an example *did* get removed, and the arguments you gave the mods are totally idiotic and have an air of "i know better than you" about them.       i would have muted you too.


the right wing memes successfully elected donald trump.  the right wing memes don't work.


epic


fuck sakes...


>no


cringe


take them with you?


articulate


to be fair, if you put a 30 year old in a room with a bunny and an apple, he's still going to eat the apple.


no u don't be mean to the bird


it looks as though you may have spelled "chick-fil-a" incorrectly. no worries, it happens to the best of us!


same thing with /r/imgoingtohelforthis


curiously, why do you think is it bad? the only reason i can think is the genetic diversity problem.


new can learn some signature moves though, like transform.


white latinos rise up


he looks like old biff from back to the future


she(?) calls them "clideos" apparently.      just kill me now and make the pain stop.


true, but his story is a lot more interesting than the story of saint barbara (the patron saint of artillery, military engineers, architects, and prisoners and thus kind of the closest thing christianity has to a deity of war).


i'm just going around pointing out: what if it never releases on steam? steam isn't the final resting place of all pc games or anything.


i like when he said at last "no comments on that. no comments."


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      **[rule 6: post formatting]([URL]      **screenshots, if used, must be full post and full context.**       **just posting the headline of an article will get your post removed**. this includes someone sharing a link on social media without any discussion on that post.      we should be able to see the post in question as well as any necessary context to understand what's being discussed.      you may not edit the content of posts to add reaction memes, criticism, jokes or other content that isn't necessary context.      you may censor any blog names to protect the bloggers, but if the post looks like a troll it will be removed and you will be asked to **send the mods a link to the blog for verification**.         ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


eh you're not quite there. people are brainwashed into liking pikachu because he provides a sense of belonging many haven't experienced in real life. this is the same basic tactic used by the alt right to recruit people: offer an idea of belonging to people who feel they don't have one. i don't really see where the "pikachu is a nazi" thesis comes into this.


it's easy to call out the logical inconsistency.           "so tucker carlson having a political talk show is bad because he only presents his side of the argument, but trevor noah having a political talk show where he presents his side of the argument is okay because he tries to be funny when he does it?


quite literally the case. i had bed bugs off and on for 8 years of my childhood. we would exterminate them, move apartments, and they would still manage to follow us. the only way we got rid of them was only a year ago when our apartment building caught on fire. none of our shit burned but it was smoke damaged, which meant it was covered by insurance. we moved apartments and got 100% new furniture, and vacuum sealed all of our clothes for a couple months. feelsgoodman.jpg


this one picture the reddit admins hate (the answer will shock you)


i'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:      - [/r/topmindsofreddit] [top mind supports beheading children as long as it stops those evil commies.]([URL]       *^(if you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([info](/r/totesmessenger) ^/ ^[contact](/message/compose?to=/r/totesmessenger))*


well from what i can find it's been used as a noun since the 14th century, about the same time it started being used as an adjective. mainly because it came from an old french word for woman.      either way, it's a lot less abhorant than people that use woman as an adjective.


rumble in the nevertrump jungle when bill kristol congratulates a reporter for his new webzine, the bulwark, after she "trigger(s) so many snowflakes" by calling pro-lifers "scary."


peta, kindly fuck away from existing.


what law would you be breaking?


i'm at nursing school and that's my dream schedule lol.


i think you auto get one if you own a subreddit. [URL]


yeah i will explain to her that i couldn't go because of money and hopefully she'll understand. possibly suggest we go do something else later on instead. and i agree. like i could have gone but i don't want to spend any more money.


why? it wasn't banned.


saw you are spotify profile...      no.


how dare you use white paper it reckons of patriarchy and oppression /s


hello theaverage_american, this post has been found to be in violation of rule 6:      > use accurate titles - titles must contain a **quote and score** from the content being highlighted. preferred format: "quote" [score] (or [score hidden]).         you have not included a quote and therefore this post will be removed.


i don't really care, but i do know that once the truth comes out, false story or not, the will be an opportunity to jump on it. so why rush.


wait. what's "the wall?"


don't kinkshame


>innit      britain confirmed


that's him, that's the man that killed my brother.


i have so many stories of how other gay and lesbian folks degrading me over being bisexual, including being bullied and excluded in the lgbt club i joined in college. they would outright insult bisexual and trans members.


thank you for your post. 5 googlebucks have been deposited into your account.


journalist tim pool on youtube summarizes it very well, he's made a few videos about it the last week or so.


or arrange to have hotdogs flown to you on an airplane.


you have the intelligence of a rock always works


r/pcmasterrace fights over whether we are taking basic commodities for granted.


what the genuine fuck


wow. thats like 8 wikipedia articles. we have ourselves a scholar.


forgot "history", "his story". i hate this one so much, maybe because i hear it so often. it's origin dates back to the greek word historia, meaning narrative or story, and i believe even further back than that.


this is it boys. peak political discourse on reddit.


power mods being infiltrated by right wingers, is something i didnt know i needed until now.


for context: she's the wife of the warriors owner, and was asking both of them what they wanted to drink. however, outraged beyonce fans started sending her so many death threats she ended up deleting her ig page.


this makes me think of one fan art of spider-man movie variations and incredibly blackwashed mj. like... in that movie she was really even less dark than me when i get tanned during summer and i am polish...


indeed - feel free to join us in the real world when you're done living in your own, friend...


when northerners get a holier than thou attitude, i like to bring up the boston busing riots.


shit post nahi hai dost


the man is running his business in london, ingredients from a london market, employees living in london, using london water and power, using the pound to pay for things. the "critics" need to realize you are eating asian food in london!       until you as a different nationality (asians included) book a flight to (asian country of choice) walk to a village or town be invited into someone's house sit down with them and eat their food that their 90 year old grandmother cooked up you can't really talk about "authentic" when you are looking for food and overall environment combined.


seriously! i don't understand why some people demonize that kind man.


bakchodi on live tv feat. swamy ji (you won't believe what he said about arun jaitley click here!)


damn i always miss the good pizza threads


what is this whatsapp tier meme doing in my r/tumblrinaction?


i regularly overestimate how nice the weather is and spend the rest of the day wishing i had a jacket.  never has anyone over the age of 12 thought, "acting like i'm not cold makes me look tough!"


start eating properly and lifting weights.


they're turkish speaking bulgarian gypsies lmao


part 6 was the most lacking part but joylene is a pretty cool character


> but the prospects for race-based policies before the supreme court are unpromising, and that's unlikely to change with five conservative justices.      i'd like to think the decision knocking down race-based welfare would be unanimous.


can we make a hashtag against peta


troll account for sure.


jesus fucking christ nothing is worse than slaughtering tons of pets, but this comment is pretty fucking close.


i don't expect this sub to get satire, though, they never do.


ahs is one of the most hateful and hypocritical subs i can think of. i remember one post where they were shitting themselves over someone tagging usernames and harassing them...when they do the exact same thing daily.


this is why they want to redefine the term nazi to mean anyone to the left of mao


all of the colors are subdued and light...it wouldn't take sense to throw on crazy dark skin tone...


thread start hua nahi bc infiltrator aa gaye


or as a populist democrat feel the bern


>stand back. i'm going to need an enema kit and a liter of ranch dressing      i dont know what stuffing your colon full of america sauce will accomplish, but hey, chase your bliss.


on r/comedycemetery yeah we banned memes, america banned whole groups of people


wait you were the guy i replied to saying "this is a good point" nice to see they banned us both- quality subreddit mods


do whatever you have to to get out from under their roof. it will do loads for your mental health. i'm really sorry your parents seem like such shitbags. the thing with depression is you don't even need to have a bad life to be depressed. but they are definitely making it worse. go live your best life away from them and don't let them bring you down anymore! they are so so wrong. you don't need that kind of bullshit in your life. stay strong and good luck!


funny that they're complaining about epic when the borderlands franchise was built off money gearbox stole from sega.


ya know if this was a bit more elaborate, it could rival that navy seals copypasta


midlife crisis lag rha h mujhe to, itne misogynistic and paagal waale comments to koi chutiya bhi ni karta.


✋✋✋⚡️⚡️⚡️


according to the lead mod, one of the mods there went rogue and privated the sub, and then removed a bunch of content. looks like he fixed it though.


way more effort than i ever go into, since i know facts and logic have no effect on people who are only interested in an agenda.      then again, the efforts can at least be appreciated and enjoyed by others, as we see here :3


what's funny is people would call into tll just to chat.  null got into their system and they werent answering something like 90 percent of the calls. they have two deaths on their hands  


b...but...but he was just trying to start a dialogue about what could have happened!


i have used at least 3 android devices with this font set on standard, the lg g3, the lg g4 and the one that i currently using the galaxy j7, i obviously changed the font in all of them


respect is a two way street.


i wasnt expecting duggar drama in 2019


rex is an underrated character. definitely one of my favorites. then again, i may have the humor of a 5 year old.


only 2 comments i ever posted on r/shitliberalssay, was banned


i posted about this phenomenon on tumblr last night.  c/ped:      for some reason, this is a wicked common trend among parents.  like a husband and wife could be the biggest disney fangirl/fanboy and love kids' movies up until the second they have a kid, then their days are filled with prayers about when their kid can go to bed so they can watch movies with swearing and sex and violence.  a lot of this judgement comes from other moms/dads in the mom/dad group.        kids' movie fan mom/dad: hey, i watched how to train your dragon with my kid and spent time with him/her and really enjoyed it!  i like kids' movies better than adult movies, honestly.      peer moms/dads:  you...didn't sit on your phone during that kids' shit?      kids' movie fan mom/dad:  i mean...i checked it once or twice to see if i had any notifications, but i didn't sit on it or send any texts or scroll down fb, no.      peer moms/dads:  *look at each other*      peer moms/dads:  *burst out laughing*


i love how one of the most successful businessmen in all of europe is referred to as salma hayek's husband. no complaint, just makes me laugh.      also fuck this person and their stupid face.


i have a cripplingly low amount of self-esteem and confidence. my mind is consumed with self-loathing, and no matter how much me or the people around me try to logically get it out of me, it doesn't get out.      i think a huge part of this is the fact that since 14 years old, i've been a regular daily reader/poster on subs like foreveralone or places like r9k. i can't get any of this shit out of my head anymore. i can never feel comfortable in my skin. i live constantly on alert mode, there is always the loud voice that is telling me i'm not good enough like the others.      simply put, no matter how much everyone tells me it's bs, the posts telling me i'm too short, too beta, too autistic or whatever the fuck are forever ingrained in my mind and they can never escape.      i don't remember the last time i genuinely fully enjoyed myself. even in the moments where i have the heartiest laughs, it all feels fake, and there's always that feeling in the gut that never goes away.


>sounds like coastal nc too. i feel your pain mate... -13 points      i get being annoyed at americans for saying they have it worse, but downvoting people just for sympathising, ableit ignorantly, seems defensive to me.


imagine thinking there are still good humans in 2019. please lol


people mention your cute because they think you're cute.      you call people racist because they call you cute.      sure, it can be inappropriate, but damn...      the reality is that it is absolutely meant as a compliment and people might just be that stupid to not realize it's inappropriate.


if you can't discern what is made up and what is historical then you should just treat it all as made up...


this is a hate sub. people here really hate a lack of logic and stupidity.


fair point. heck, i planned i'd remove it eventually. my initial thinking was if people saw the lock and comment on the reasoning there, it'd, *with any luck*, prevent others from posting similar.      but a lot of people probably just read the preview of op's comments and didn't click further, and i didn't consider people who read the post before i shut it down.      taking it down now. thank you for the feedback! truly the last thing we want our sub known for, so appreciate the input.


all those comments are mega cringe gross. everyone looks stupid.


smoke on the water. bc aaj ke bachhe ko deep purple pata nahin hoga


this is like the argument that humans were meant to eat human milk and raw fruits most resemble milk. first statement is illogical, second statement is a lie.


as may be ... but was he a **violent** racist?


can we have a megathread and not 56 lazy-aass shiit about bpt


you could try. i expect it would be unproductive.


true or false, women are the only ones who menstruate: false.. am i reading it wrong or something?      the graphic as presented would imply exactly what you are saying the correct message should be.


> it isn't. i like actual jokes. like when the dinosaur asks someone else to cover his eyes.. because a t. rex has short arms. now that's funny.      this is extremely funny to read, but also makes me feel like i'm punching down.


being a nurse doesn't require an md


india vs new zealand semifinal in one picture


which isn't really dumb, it's part of symbolism and ties in with death of the author type stuff, it may not have really been meant but due to luck/bias/whatever it's an angle that can be considered.


deku has powers.


>the republican party establishment, that controls who most of the candidates are, and funds the ones it likes, does not have your interests at heart.  they do pretend to have your interests in mind around election time,      are you trying to imply that "non-establishment" republicans like trump have your interests in mind any other time except election time?             because i got news for you...


[these are the people banning you from /r/politics for being a nazi]([URL]


corporations provide the electricity, don't they?


gotta go back


actually there are people accusing  and criticising (not for the writing) battle angel alita.... it's the sjw media doing it though, criticising her body, saying it's too sexual, saying she's not good woman etc...       almost as if they have to put down one film to hold up their sacred cow. the redditors who criticise it say it's weeb crap, and men want to control robots and bollock arguments like that.


you really should elaborate on this comment because it is quite ambiguous. i'm a nerd and immediately think:      >"*the schrödinger equation is a linear partial differential equation that describes the wave function or state function of a quantum-mechanical system.*"


i don't think i have seen a single css i enjoyed even at all, bland white background, blue and purple links, and up and down arrows


wow. as a father i'm really sorry and totalky shocked that any parents could ever say something like that to their kid. have you checked out r/raisedbynarcissists?


/r/rimworld argues over "traps"


it's a comedy podcast infamous for being politically incorrect. the hosts are leftists, but make comedy for lumpenproletarians. people who don't know shit about not calling people tranny's or retards but who want those people to have homes and healthcare and shit.       some of it is pretty funny, i liked their austin powers parody where he got  vaccinated and became autism powers and just really liked trains


a man of culture i see. mw gang


i won't give you that. i will give you the british version is at least tolerable for a british show. black mirror is the most overrated show next to game of shits


the boruto manga is god awful and i hate that i still read it every month.


>i will dog walk you      i hate it that cardi b is still somehow relevant. of course, red is just spouting whatever sounds good that they read on twitter.


saidit is a better alternative.


get out of my way


exactly this was the reason why i quit tv


commie mommy paradox meme results in both sides bashing centrists


same this is so annoying, guess i won't buy it on pc, even if all the other borderlands i have are there. i'm kind of disappointed of the devs.      i'll just buy it on ps4


i think my favorite observation about star wars from rlm went something like "they took a great trilogy of summer blockbusters form the 80s and turned them into a massive expanded universe. it's like if someone had taken the back to the future trilogy and tried to create an expanded universe out of it, and other people had devoted their life to the back to the future expanded universe."


i think everyone will ignore this for sucking dick.


i can't believe you're virtue signaling to me about how annoying it is that people want to see more non-white couples, like i get it you're better than them, jeeze.


hmm this artist made these characters a lighter shade of skin then they are in a different art style, he must hate anyone who isn't white


i´m a moderator of /r/frenchforeignlegion. please acknowledge and upvote my very (ir)relevant post.


science


elections have consequences


>socialism works in europe      socialism like this doesn't work in nations with 100,000,000+ people.


literally this, and the head honcho can actually swap people's genders using hormones


why do people who admit they pirate games think that will influence game devs. "i've proven that i'm the least valuable type of consumer, so why aren't companies catering to me?"


they're clearly as pale as fucking snow! they look like fucking vampires!       /s obviously


for context: in thia big semi-fictionalized historical epic, liu bei is generally written as the protagonist. lots of people have favorite characters but the "umm liu bei was actckually the villain" is pretty much the hipster anti-mainstream opinion.


not to mention he was ready to blame two innocent people when the police told him they had found the attackers, he only backtracked when he saw they had the nigerian folks. this for me is perhaps the worst part of this case, if the police ha put forward two white guys jussie would have accused them with no issue.


kerala is second in line for next paxtan. wb is first.


more, again, doesn't mean dominance in a field.


yep lol, the novella is a fucking door stopper so people only hear about it second hand, and they are surprised when i tell them that in fact is a fantastic retelling.


i don't understand, are you implying that your dads erect penis came into contact with your face when you were 5?


it's not that hard to believe. cellphone theft is rampant where i come from, and there's more than one way to contact your stolen phone (especially if the thief was dumb enough to keep the sim card)


ok.


i still don't understand this and i'm in my late 20s. i know people who have casual sex, open relationships, and polyamorous relationships - they're always raving about how much sex they have and how awesome it is. i've only had "casual" sex a couple times, and i don't get the hype. it just felt empty and unfulfilling. for me, i guess the excitement about sex comes from sharing myself with someone that i love.


i don't necessarily disagree with this if it's referring to the tumblr brand of "trans activism"


???? that's actually weird. who calls people crackheads playfully  lmao.


wait, what was the clashing between the russo brothers and disney about?


the right is winning the meme war by a long shot


man, i loved naruto, but shit got weird as that final ninja war dragged on.


can't get cancer if you're dead. checkmate.


from my understanding, a woman who wishea to transition into a man wants to get a penis and a flat chest whilst a man who wishes to become a woman goes the other way round.


fondling secured


well no most sexual assaults are done by someone you know not just random men you invite over and hopefully a child you bear from pregnancy to adult hood if you have a son and he's sexually assaulting your daughter its probably because you lack the maturity to raise kids properly and your children have grown up without morals..       and the fact you're actively trying to keep people away leads me to suspect you might not be all that honest in your intentions anyways. not even just the indoctrination. but i feel like this person is probably scared to have a non"feminist" or at least people from outside their typical social circle because they probably have something to hide and the police should look into this. because the author already comes across as severly mentally ill and i don't think a child should be left in the care of a single "feminist" mother with an agenda whos probably suffering from serious issues.


already donated it to send bricks to pelosi.


same


real talk, i tried to use one and did just that on my first stroke. put it down and picked up the patriarchy razor


reeepost


why hands-on delhi needs a lesson on behaving at art fairs


never thought i'd say this, but the backlash on social media is entirely justified here


this is mostly just for my peace of mind but here goes.      a few years ago i met a girl, we'll call her margo, who was amazing in a million ways.  she was musical, beautiful, kind, funny, intelligent, and she was not my wife.        while my marriage was on the rocks at the time, and my wife wasn't around very much, we were still married.  it was a very dark time for me, but margo was like a massive light that enveloped me and reminded me of who i was.      i think it's worth mentioning that margo and i never slept together, however we absolutely developed real, and deep feelings for each other.      anyway, eventually my wife finds out i've been connecting with margo, and is (rightfully) furious.  there were a few tear filled nights, and some very hard conversations, but in the end, we decided to work things out.  i unceremoniously, (and with much difficulty and hesitation) ended contact with margo.  i still feel horrible about how this all happened because she really was an amazing person who didn't deserve any of the drama i brought upon her.      so, my wife and i work things out, and things are better than they've ever been between us.  we re-found the love we had somehow lost, and are stronger because of everything that happened.  that being said, there was still always a part of me that was just.... empty and regretful.  not because of how things turned out but because of the way they happened.  i was also worried about margo, because for a long time i was her sounding board, and now, i couldn't help her.      tonight i randomly decided to google margo, and there was a video of her singing a brand new song, and parts of it were too specific to not be about what happened between us, but it gave me closure that everything is alright now.      it's late and i'm tired but happy. even though this is a throwaway account i'm hoping this post just gets buried in the "new" pile. this was more for me than anything, because i don't really have anyone to talk to about this stuff, and posting it here feels like talking about it.  if you read this far, congratulations determined reader.      tl;dr   not really interesting.


i think in this case there's the fact that "trap", literally comes from the suggestion that trans women aren't real women and that they're trying to trick men.


career      as if either one of you had one.      you'd better start thinking about getting a real job, because you're about to need to be looking for one.     i'd recommend cashier at a gas station/convenience/grocery store, or a waiter/waitress, because that's all you've demonstrated yourself to be good for, i'm not even sure about that.  you can't even manage money or social media.


>it's the universal equation so it gets very complex...   >the rest should be self explanatory.      intellectual sperg


i'm scared of job interviews and speaking ~~in public~~ in front of crowds help help help


or we could just tweet what we fecking feel like and not get told by other people what you should tweet


for anyone too lazy to read the article, it talks about how a picture that was posted of her being excited seemed to imply that she was the primary person behind it.  she wasn't, and the people involved with the project never said that she was, but some on the internet got salty about it and started harassing her.      also gonna add that it's not accurate to measure someone's contribution purely based on the number of lines of code they wrote.  some lines of code are more important or more complex than others, other times many lines of code can be nearly the same thing written over and over again.  someone who checks over the code to fix any errors to be sure it compiles or just clean it up to make it easier to read for when other people will work with the code in the future may have zero lines of codes attributed directly to them, but is still an important part of the project.  seriously, learn to code, i have little experience coding and i'm not very good at it and even i understand this stuff.


everly is my daughters name and it isn't made up. there are so many bigger issues than what other people name their babies.


just find some other way to compensate for it, like anal.


i've heard of forgetting to write a word, but this person has forgotten entire thoughts and sentences.


reddit_gulshan_kumar_dvd


>the universe is left as an exercise for the reader.      t r i v i a l


> cessation      lol


for the record, you can search my comment history and you will uncover a link yo this very subreddit where the admins were forced to delete a post linking to this very users account where i foretold the substantive efforts of the admins to revive i the post on the day there post was made...       the admins of this very subreddit were mandated to remove the posting or face sanctions from the admins!       it's all documented in my history a well as using archive.is to back up the data knowing full well they would censor the posting. go ahead, check my history!


>if u have an iphone u can't complain about wealth inequality and billionaires


see this is good drama. not some energy drink bullshit.


hey screw you dude, i was trying to be funny.


~~wo~~men run things      watch the firestorm


most of the crazy internet vegans have been vegan for a short time and don't stick to it. they are typically just regular assholes going through a phase. i've been a vegan for a decade and i only ever want to talk about recipes on the internet regarding veganism and that's it. everything else is a complete and total waste of time to devote bandwidth to. that is how all the normal, sane people feel and why you never see them on those kinds of threads or in r/vegan


that affiliated list is a who's who of reddit garbage.


aisa is a commie student union. bhrata waise koi bhi fass sakta he aise worldview me because asthir mann. yoga aur dhyann will help in precaution against it.


i went to china once. they had some really great noodles. however all the soldiers and cameras surrounding me was a little unsettling the noodles more than made up for it


unoriginal. you get a blue arrow


painting divide between every group there is while trying to put themselves at the top because they're the most "woke."


yea, i have several questions...


lmao at you guys actually believing this shit is real


yeah just because one doesn't know about it doesn't mean it's obscure. discounting even it's importance to chinese culture, it's such a touchstone, it's a major cultural work in japan as well.


> as that flat-earther documentary on netflix showed, a major recruiting point for 'crazy' groups is the companionship of a community. lonely people often gravitate towards these kinds of groups because they're more willing to accept outsiders, and are more tolerant of deviant behaviour.      in my experience, conspiracy theorists are extremely **in**tolerant of anyone who doesn't follow their dogma, or questions it, even if they're sincerely looking for more info. don't even get me started on radfems or certain subreddits.


this comment actually made me laugh a lot! take my upvote haha


there's only one response to that last sentence, and it's an ancient, overused, dead horse meme.      but still, the cake is a lie.


when you can cook as well as he can, try again.


wypipo are forced under threat of violence to supply billions of dollars a year to africa in the form of foreign aid, and yet through decades and hundreds of billions (if not trillions), africa is still a shithole.      "wypipo" could have refurbished every goddamn piece of medieval architecture in europe for what we've pissed away in foreign aid.


a russian alt-right bot with internalized misogyny that's also a neckbeard living in its mother terminal basement.


a wholesome doggo!          (that hurt to type)


no


who is that supposed to be on the right?


i dunno the surface is pretty crusty but i think that's just it's natural appearance without scratches


yeah, i would say analyses of those would fall more under cultural criticism/sociology than english classes though.


> applied health is absolutely science      if applied health is science, then applied physics and applied chemistry would be science, but instead we label those as engineering.      when medicine is to be included, they generally use the term stemm. very few nurses are published, which is a key component of science, testing theories and sharing those results. incidentally, this applies to a whole lot of medical doctors, too.      in a sense this is also why your car mechanic is not part of stem, even though the people designing the components of the car would be engineering.


in soviet russia they try to get out.


sand also kills fear's rattatta before it can go for the kill.


the admins and mods of big subs talk.  horrific shit happens around this kind of stuff.


stan lee creating wakanda      shifting eye meme.jpg


based and redpilled


that's pretty meta      /r/watchredditdiedie


so diverse


no. awkwardtheturtle is a mod


why can't men just stop offering sex to women? if guys stop seducing women, we won't have a need for birth control or abortions


person of hair color me shocked too


the only spaz i ever heard of was spazz matticus, a young king on a mad quest to rule the world


i told my psychiatrist im going off and he greenlit me, and ive done so gradually. it didn't do shit as far as i felt and was of no use to continue.      i just want to have energy so bad. to do things with myself, with other people. to connect with others. i'm so young but my brain is so rotten.   thanks for your comment.


unironically who is jacob wohl


honestly i think they were both arguing different things. it's just that what op was arguing isn't exactly the best method to calculate how much income was actually gained.


i just can't tell what people are going to come up with anymore so i had to ask.


its from pulp fiction buddy. also, i c bajs.


i'll stick with my obsolete man, thanks though


be careful! he's going to imagine you as an obese shirtless man!


i've heard conflicting things about this story. sengoku japan is one of my favorites periods do you have any further reading on nobunaga getting mitsuhide's mother killed?


that's not what he was saying though. you might have a higher profit margin on popcorn but it doesn't mean tickets don't make you more profit e.g. if you're selling way more tickets then popcorn.


whats this story?


>the creator of dbz has said he originally wanted to end it there, but his people got him to keep going      this is misinformation. the closest thing we've ever gotten to toriyama saying he "planned to end" at any point is saying he didn't originally envision past the first hunt for the dbs, and saying "i never expected it to go this far" for just about every single arc he wrote after this. there was never any pressure from fans or staff, only speculation about his more lenient editor post-cell leading to the buu arc being so...weird.


you're at least bi. nothing he said was wrong.


bill maher is still relevant?


these are the kind of radical centrist takes i come here for.


hello reubenzweiner, this post has been found to be in violation of rule 6:      > use accurate titles - titles must contain a **quote and score** from the content being highlighted. preferred format: "quote" [score] (or [score hidden]).         you have used a deceptive title for this post and therefore this post will be removed.


broke: vaccines dont work and cause autism      woke: measles is actually good


go visit britain and make your own opinion, rather than believe stupid propaganda vids.


fanfic communities tend to get really vitriolic if their ship doesn't pan out, especially since for a lot of them the shipping aspect is their primary draw to the series. i'm expecting a voltron tier uprising if hori ever doesn't have deku end up with ochako in the end.


33,000 die annually in car crashes. about 2,000 are children. in contrast, about 700 women die annually related to pregnancy or birth.


nope. you're not alone.  


> only a drooling retard would think criminalizing fiction is a good thing. are you a drooling retard?      did you read the linked story?  like at all?  imagine thinking that wanting that stuff made illegal makes me a "drooling retard" that wants to "criminalize fiction."  that story was the op's deviant sexual fantasy, and if someone came upon that story they'd be hard pressed to discover it's "role play" instead of seeing it for what it is, child pornography, written instead of photos or video but still reprehensible and absolutely a loophole being freely exploited.      ask yourself this, these people get off only to the pretend aspect and not the being attracted to children and children in sexual situations aspect?


i think of it like trying to start a religious chant.


obama is proof enough. he's only half what and became the fuckin president.  checkmate white devil.


who?


only on reddit will people defend incest.


define idol worship in islam


are you telling them it happened or asking them if it happened?      


congratulations! that's big!! i've been in them same position as to were i couldn't even apply to jobs because of it. know i couldn't imagine it ever being bad again! keep up the good work !


>yo what the actual fuck      the only good comment on that entire sub i'd imagine


swish dude


hit the tilde key (~) and then type noclip into the console. if that doesn't work that means you didn't enable developer console in the settings and you'll have to manually restart your game.


people are just looking for something new to get mad at, even if it already exists. it's both sad and annoying.


image trusting one single news source and nothing else.


wherever reddit takes him. he's a free spirit.


key voices in the drama are now changing their tune & because many of the moderate voices were banned, no one can contradict the story that's being spun. it's honestly ridiculous but frustrating in its ridiculous-ness, haha.


now now, you are discrediting the entirely possible scenario where his actor buddies from empire are secretly violent maga-hat wearing racist homophobic thugs who jussie doesn't know which is why he attempted to hide their phone numbers from the pdf file of his recent calls that he gave to the police.      loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllll!!!!!!


>op's at the wheel


agreed. if i'm seeking help on an anxiety thread it's hard enough posting the original post let alone responding to people. half the time i start writing something out and delete because it makes me anxious!


user in r/choosingbeggars thinks someone should pay hundreds of dollars to get their stolen phone back because "not everybody is a criminal, so give this innocent person (who probably stole your phone idk) money to get it back!"


i mentioned this in a different egs thread! there must be a witty term for that: when someone's technically on the same side as what could be a reasonable position; but is so insanely obnoxious and ridiculous about everything that they go all the way around into being wrong again? it's very common.


my entire life is a mess and i don't even know where to start fixing it


umm no , he is anirudh thapa .


the internet amplifies extremists.      the vegans i know in real life are all pretty chilled too.


why would trans men want to be included in menstruation anyways? isn't that the one thing they wish they didn't have the ability to do?


noooooooo


i love foster.         is it gone yet?


just because you flew a plane once doesn't make you a pilot


forgive me friend, what is a professional reddit account?


peta, you killed people's pets. wtf


it's called growing up, and prioritizing.


i like it


cashiers use both technology and mathematics so they are double stem.


they're both in the wrong, here. calling someone out for having enslaved ancestors is a dick move.


i'm glad you relate in some way. yea i need to watch a few youtube videos on how to cute my bimples


based and karlingpilled


congratulations, you're a real adult.      but for real if your friend is any kind of friend, she'll be a bit moody but ultimately understand. you can always rearrange it's not a big deal!


you jest but there was a craft store that had to remove cotton sprigs because it was wacist


[the oof owie zoinks that's so problematic meme in question]([URL]


there could be a higher purpose. certainly there is societal purpose, but i'm not sure about much. but i respect your opinion.


i like how virtue signalling has become as meaningless of a word as sjw, liberal, and feminist.


it's pretty much jre. not that obscure


sorry fam. it's gimme the loot or nothing for me.


pokémon, that weapon of right-wing indoctrination


it's funny because somebody posted on twitter or somewhere that they went out for coffee afterwards


i'm hydrophobic.


there is nothing remotely racist about this post.       blacks do go into the woods to enjoy the outdoors through activities like hunting, fishing, camping, hiking, etc... but, blacks only make up about 13% of the population of america. also, not many blacks actually go into the woods; only a very small percentage of them are active in the wild outdoors. therefore, i suspect that of all of the humans that regularly go into the woods in north america, probably less than 1% of them are black.       why bring this up? my point here is that bigfoot is not used to seeing black folks. this may provoke certain responses by a sasquatch when it sees a black person, such as:      1. confusion;   2. fear;    3. trepidation; and   4. curiosity      i believe that all of these are responses that can work to our advantage.  all of these potential responses will cause a bigfoot some amount of pause, and this slight pause may be the difference between getting off a kill shot and not.       the fact is, sasquatch does not regularly see black people. chances are better than not that when a squatch sees a black person that it will be the first time it has ever seen one. it may get scared and freak out, or it may stand there and stare.      as a practical matter i think that a technique worth trying is to take a black person on some hunts. see how the squatch population reacts to the black person and take note. i am aware of no other groups that have tried this, so i will be very interested to see the results.       there are all sorts of variations on this concept. the goal here is to throw a bigfoot off balance with some sort of odd occurrence in the woods. the idea is to create a weird scene in an area where bigfoot are present and which is not threatening to the creature. at the same time, you want it to perplex the bf to the point where it is standing there just scratching its head at the spectacle. while this is going on we will have snipers strategically placed whose job is to locate the sasquatch and to put a bullet in the animal's head.       here are some other ideas i have to cause a bigfoot to pause due to confusion:       1. outdoors sex/orgy: get some skanky swingers group together and get them into the woods to screw and orgy in a bigfoot hotspot. this will really pique a scratch's interest. at some point a squatch will stick out its head to see what the fuck all that sucking and slapping noise is, then one of our snipers blows his brain out!       2. poker game in the woods: same concept as the orgy but less gross. it probably will take longer to attract a squatch.       3. strange looking people: these are people that squatch are not used to seeing. for example, dress up like a party clown and walk around in a hotspot zone juggling bowling pins.       4. fighting: put together a group of low-life fight-club types, take them into the woods and let them fight. the noise and weird scene will generate some bigfoot interest.       some believe that sasquatch are something like forest ninjas: fast and stealthy. i think that if you do something truly weird then we may be able to confuse and agitate the animal. confusion and agitation does not comport with stealth and concealment. therefore, we take the squatch's advantage away from it. this will make it t more likely to show itself and, thereby, give us a shot at it.


lost weight, nothing changes, people still bully me.


that's the kind of dumb shit teams would actually do in pro sports.


reddit roomba why


literal reddit shit on 4chan      this is indeed proof that we live in a society


you're right. i guess part of my issues with hearing about it all the time is that is serves as a reminder about my own pretty terrible sex life.       i'm just saying, i'm sure there are tons of people out there like me, but it seems like it would almost be better for everyone if people just stopped being so open about it. if we kept sexual discussion to sexual spaces.       i feel inferior because of my sex life, and that's contributing to my hatred of hearing about it.


he's not saying its ok to attack people based on sexuality. he's explaining where the context of the attack even originates from.


> tumblr hates ~~white~~ people


i hate whenever a news story gets posted on reddit that has 0 to do with america and some yanks will inevitably try to bring up how america is the same or worse. "kids in kenya have tuberculosis? well kids in florida have threeberculosis!"


bahut annocent


visit r/politics some time


she's saying that, 60 years ago, few people believed that men were capable of sexually abusing children; and that today, we are as ignorant of women's capacity for sexually abusing children as we were with men 60 years ago.      anyway, here's the whole report if it helps:      [woman as molester; implications for society]([URL]


continue the species is logical, as every life form does this in some form.


[[cao cao]] [[liu bei]]      wait wrong sub


i don't know. can you style deleted/removed comments with a subreddit's style sheet to hide them?      if i went to an askscience thread or something and saw only the 'approved' answers instead of pages of deleted posts, i'd probably actually read it. instead i see an intriguing question and after 30 seconds of scrolling and seeing a bunch of out of context posts and deleted comments i give up. if i really care i'll google the answer.      this way if you cared, you could turn off the subreddit's css and see all the deleted posts, or you can keep it on and be blissfully ignorant and just look at the actual responses.


you should look into getting one of those mini houses to live in.  they are very nice but small and afordable.  work until thats paid off and then retire and do somthing you love doing for money.  like pet sitting ir somthing.


one of the *very* few absolute rules of the internet. it's like insulting mr. rogers, it is simply **not** acceptable.


i just sent my gmu withdrawal and honestly i feel so petty [+51]


it all got deleted!! :(


before i stopped shaving to live that bearded life, i'd switched over to an old-school safety razor and a wet lather shave. it's miles better than the biclette warp 12 fusion dollar nick club bullshit.


fuck that sub


>the suit also states that heard's abuse allegations "have been conclusively refuted by two separate responding police officers, a litany of neutral third-party witnesses, and 87 newly obtained surveillance camera videos."      that seems like an extremely strong claim. it will be interesting to see how this all turns out. i mean if you really have 87 separate surveillance videos corroborating your story that's not something you lie about.


just think if it like this. the people who are perpetuating that virgin shaming culture are either projecting because no one wants to sleep with them, or they only find the meaning in their hookups by constantly bragging or making fun of other people. it's just insecurity.


it's actually riskier to give birth as a 40-year old woman than as a 20 year old in an incestuous relationship.       but you don't see people saying 40 year olds should be celibate.


can you read? i said they use pretentious language to feel better about *their own* intelligence, not to make others feel bad about theirs.


when we say 'all men' we don't mean all men!      "... do you know how english works?"


i don't think that's a fair way to look at it.      i know people who are trying to hire at big tech companies for high paying jobs and they hire a lot of people who are on a work visa, not to save money, but because there's a skills gap and they legitimately can't find the talent.


>allah has left us.      at least on this we all agree


right wing speech is violence       left wing violence is speech


sangat ka asar dekhiye inn devi ji ka... journey from bellsprout 069 to weepinbell 070...


it's no different than hating the parents that named them.


well, i'm just gonna say that op of that post is wrong. not every european country has hoteps.


you do realize any user could have reported it to admins, right?  what evidence do you have that the mod did it?


hnow ndu ynuou liek dem appules


are you really advocating in favor of shoplifting? don't know why else you would compare it to something that has never been proven to be harmful to sales.


that hardly seems realistic. after all, there are so many easier ways to gain that knowledge, like asking random redditors.


savage


> sorry the cop show parody scene in toy story 2 isn't high brow enough for you      wonderful. absolutely beautiful.


i'll be bastion!


i guess if your left enough the nyt is center right jesus


huh, maybe we should only allow people who can describe how the electoral college operates vote. and we should remove all party affiliations from the ballot....you know, to make sure only the educated and informed vote and to ensure they're actually voting for the candidate/their ideas and not the party. hm. i'm behind that idea.


i as well only deal in lead pipes and milkshakes


>blsntan strawman      also you:      >you have to navigate a swamp of alligators     


i hope that i am. that's why i continue to write them. especially on posts that have not gotten much love in the way of responses. i don't bother responding on post with 20+ comments as that person has already gotten tons of advice.


big mcthankies from mcspankies


one of the most popular comic series in all of existence


i know someone who started it but i don't know if she is still on it.


that's 4th dimensional racism


actually this sub is pretty much all incel and pedophiles


hey, i removed your post.  feel free to repost it with the username edited.  thanks!


don't forget the roots of american racism literally comes from european tribal racism. you had the irish hating the scottish hating the british hating the welsh hating the germans hating the polish and all hating the french.


no need to downvote me. i was just telling you you got banned for a legit reason. it doesn't matter what you think of the sub. the sub has a rule and you broke the rule. if you don't like that the rule contradicts the sub oh well. i forget the name of another sub but the rule is similar to whichever one i'm thinking of. there's some creepy or horror related sub where people talk about some event they experienced. they're supposedly true. most, if not all, are obviously not true but people who are into that stuff like to go there for the fun of it. if they believe in the paranormal it makes it even more realistic and more in depth for them.      if there's a rule against calling out something as bullshit people there are obviously well aware there's a lot of bullshit on the sub but go there anyways.


can someone please tell me what this clip is, it's in like a bunch of webm compilations. but i don't get it.


won't be surprised if this is actually posted in randians.


i dunno colbert is a pretty close.


i think no parent wants to hear this so they ignore it.       please find the nearest shelter and talk to someone.


ironic.


i just wanted a roll on square sausage (missed that i'd specified) but apparently roll on square sausage is not self explanatory in scumdee.


[URL]      imagine bragging about being such a pushover


truck license ke rules strike kr diye isliye


i think self-help books are partly to blame, in order to sell them you must first convince people that they are messed up. they also denigrate the idea of seeking help for genuine problems, selling the notion that you can pull yourself up by your own bootstraps; with only the modest outlay of $25.99 plus tax you too can learn the secret.       before box sets and big epic tv shows a lot of water cooler chat was people talking about what self-help book they were currently into. people seem to let these things define them, along with fad diets and more recently undiagnosed mental illnesses. if it continues at this rate there will be folk with padded rooms installed at home as a conversation piece.


[URL]      [URL]


moronic


why? 90% of the people upvoting or even writing this shit are men.


i actually enjoy swedish accents


>he      excuse me did you just **a s s u m e**


lol cant handle his arguments so might as well attack his appearance. straight out of the middle school playbook


to at least 25, after the brain is supposed to have fully developed. i'd push it to 30 though, just to be safe.


well the end of naruto isn't good in my opinion and is downright terrible when compared to the high points of the series but i think that comes more from rather large thematic inconsistencies than it does from plot.


that sounds dangerously centrist.      but some of the eurocels in there seem to think they'll be heading to a *jugendanstalt*, so your suggestions just might come true.


me too i was so ready to read about anon stretching that poor cat's arsehole with his human penis.


guru gossip too!


tbf, while reducing people to scores on a ten point scale can be kind of gross, it's not really any worse than the superficial swipe left/right system that tinder operates on.


i am experiencing the exact same thing right now.  i've taken myself down to 2 days a week because my job, while pretty stress free and easy, is giving me horrible anxiety.  i live in a severely overcrowded college town, people are generally awful, parking is non existent, and it costs me $10 a day in parking to even go to work.  driving takes all of my mental energy.  it's getting to the point where leaving my house and driving takes 2 days of recovery, afterward.  i'm not a people person, have a ged, have physical limitations, hate talking on the phone, and driving a long commute is impossible in my current headspace.  it's really limiting what i can do career-wise.  my mother passed away last year and left some money behind, so my plan is to buy a house where i can start a greenhouse.  its already become incredibly clear to me that i cant go back to "salmoning" in a city i hate, at a job i'm just completely over.  i have to make my own way from now on.  it has inspired me to start being creative and motivated again.  i'm just biding my time and trying to figure out as much as i can while i get myself ready for the next chapter.  i guess my only advice is to find something you are passionate about that can be lucrative for you.  for me, its growing rare plants.  try doing some freelance or flex jobs if you have useful skills.  take some classes for degrees that allow you to work from home or freelance.  that's something i have been considering as a back up plan.


same. feels like i blinked and missed it all.


i'm sure i will be intentionally misquoted in at least one other subreddit.


expectation vs reality


nani?


r/comedyheaven


wtf is this     


america has never been great      [URL]


cool story op.


we don't want you to cut yourselves      "how dare you?"


good guy nabba


r/changeyourfont (but also holy shit that tweet)


barackus hubris maximus still holds those laurels, friend.


doesn't realize school now has an armed officer.      tries to plant incriminating evidence, bullets, maybe a fake clockbomb      gets shot.      is now forever known as a "school shooter".      have to teach biology in prison now.      mfw


yes baiter yes


i think this is the wrong sub


i don't mean that *no one* sells them, just that they are not what is marketed to (or purchased by) the majority of the public.


t_ders water... smgdh


any translation for people who don't watch chinese cartoons?


lol self defense can be violent. if i kill someone who's trying to kill me i guess that's not violent? idiots


> i really don't understand how someone like this is usually presented as the "hero" of the three kingdoms.      maybe it's a nice peek into chinese society (at that time)


yeah obviously


>and fuck the enemies of america      so...most people opposed to the first two groups you mention?


i'm gonna look at her google search and if i see hooker hoops i'm out.      yeah fuck that, this be some vice tier shit.


> i'll need to wait and see what man the guns plays like when the dlc arrives on feb. 28.      was gamergate for nothing?


the best government policy is a mixture of many ideologies controlled via vote and representative vote on behalf of the people.  money unironically fucks up every form of government, it's all about what flavor of fucked up you prefer i guess.  though when you stray past 50 to 70 percent control with any ideology it adopts aspects of fascism and people die.


i did read it, which i why i quoted it. here's the full quote:      >and i thought the query about whether or not i was asking about animal experimentation was glib. the implication was clear: those who experimented on animals – 'animal work' – knew this form of research was **completely unreliable** – 'limited' – but continued to inflict suffering and death on an industrial scale **for nothing anyway.**


there are working insecticides against bedbugs. temprid fx for example. its a bit pricey and the only downside is that you need to stay sleeping in the bed and let the bedbugs eat you for a couple of nights, as they slowly die out.


or his pee drawer


fear mongering and propaganda disguised as entertainment


lol imagine having this little ambition in life


[URL]      holy shit, this ideology is pure cancer.


anon goes swimming


it's not about you. whom ever you are responding to doesn't have an obligation to respond to your response. try not being so self absorbed. you said yourself these posts are serious & someone's in a bad place. jfc, they didn't make a post to comfort you.


wft. when i listened to music i don't see it, that's the whole thing with music.


umm.. if it did happen (which it probably didn't) is not some mystery.. "if i'm suspended" would imply they are waiting on the punishment phase.


since when is a nuanced component of a single religion "non-arguable fact"?      pick a different religion if you're unhappy with your own. not that you understand buddhism because the conclusions of buddhist beliefs are vastly different from yours.


when i vacation i go to the south because the people are so nice there, regardless of race, sex, anything!  i have traveled to vegas and chicago a few times and didn't enjoy it as much.  the first time i went to alabama, we stopped at a walmart near birmingham.  i saw black lady wearing a shirt that said "all lives matter" and was surprised  by that, honestly.


>  like, you won't suddenly start using unown even in the lowest tier.       i have an unown-centred team that completely dominates the all-unown metagame (50% winrate, the highest in the meta).


which novella?


this entire r/breadtube thread about venezuela is just hilarious. apparently there's no difference between poverty in nigeria and the u.s.


ah yes, so having a baby is way more dangerous than murdering the fetus inside the mother


local r/drama citizen excited to spend $20 from taxes on fortnite skins


there are tons of lefties on this sub, certain threads swing one way or the other based on content but it goes both ways at different times, which makes this a "right wing" sub because the rest of reddit is left as fuck.


dasha is smarter than anna


she had a chance to put her money where her mouth is in the new fantastic creatures movie, and yet, she didn't.


that's not even remotely true. i also joke about 9/11, the holocaust, school shootings, terrorism, abortion, and all kinds of other things since i have never matured in the slightest.


razors are the foundation to the walls of patriarchy


not everyone disagrees with me. there are more upvotes then people commenting petty insults.      i'm not wavering in my position that this is total bullshit and anyone who disagrees is a garbage human.


...he says entirely unironically, on a subreddit dedicated to a  disproven conspiracy theory      lol      >slight closet elitist      and i think this is probably one of the biggest problems with r/politics, these people have convinced themselves they're ***significantly*** more intelligent than they actually are


it's like high school politics


he wasn't friends with her, his sister was.


what did the cut off message say?


sahi khel rahe he ye madarchod.       this is second series after ghoul to be blatantly anti hindu


admins have modded subs for a long time.


now that you haven't been a patient for that long, i don't think he would get in trouble anymore. maybe try googling his name along with the name of the facility you were at? that might trigger his linkedin profile. if you decided you want to find him, i am guessing a pi could find it with that first name + the place he worked + any other info you have about him. it will cost you money but personally i think it's worth it.


wouldn't it being text based possibly point to a female dominant demographic? erotica seems to primarily be consumed by females after all.      also i might have participated in something like this back when i was a kid for lulz. so some pedo at least got to enjoy a genuine 13 year old's erotica.


the most powerful "man" on earth is not a person who seeks power for himself. it is his selflessness that has made him powerful. to humanity, he is just a fool.


regarding voat links...


believe all victims is good, but we must recognize that once a false accusation against someone is made, they become the victim. and when there are multiple people claiming to be victims to each other, no legal punishments should apply before it's certain what happened.


maderchod kya ho gaya hai sub ki awstha ko. we have people who unironically enjoy capeshit and rant about it here.      we need to close this sub down and create a new sub for the grateful bakchodverse.


obviously, m for accounting!


right.. i can't help but feel like using this reasoning abortion is insanely insensitive to those who have miscarriages. but i get the feelings the same people outraged would disagree.


they announced no such thing.      they made clear the video was not allowed, and that it was not their decision to make.  the admins were forcing their hand.      they complied, they removed the videos, comments and told people to stop posting it.      admin now says that the content of r/watchpeopledie beyond that video is forbidden under existing policy:      [URL]


this what i'm hearing, well, variations on that at least. nothing close to what i thought. i just fell for some misinformation i read years ago.


the graun's latest masterpiece of self-flagellation


someone told me that it's because he bashes the "sjw culture in university," which happens to also be the dominant demographic in certain online social circles      that, or some people just take it personally when he preaches against manchildren


oh.       wait, isn't murder illegal as-is?


what the hell is the charge "unlawful possession of ammunition?"


sorry if this breaks the rules but there's no "banned / removed from the web" sub and this is one of the most active anti-censorship subs on reddit.      its a good video, watch it.


the streets will heavily fuck with this or whatever


3/10 generic insult with little punch to it.


i think i'm on the edge of a breakdown due to external shit and what may be mental illness so here's some vitriolic rambling crap


people should have to have an iq test before you can use the internet.


those were the good old days followed by a thousand years of darkness.


i think i understand what theyre saying. but it shows just how hateful and ignorant they are.      what they mean by "everyone is sad and lonely and this company has been telling them what they want to hear for the last 20 years" is that the games, and franchise as a whole, teach that friendship and companionship are important and help you achieve great things that wouldve been impossible for you to do on your own.      in red ans blue, we're told the reason we keep beating blue is because we treat our pokemon as our friends, while hes only concerned with having the strongest team. he looses because his pokemon dont actually care aboit him because he doesnt show them kindness, while our pokemon go above and beyond because they genuinely dont want to let us down - this is a theme continued in nearly every game in the franchise.         now, heres the sad part. they say this is "the same way the alt right recruits incels" which is partially true.   kind of. theres a grain of truth in it in that its easy to radicalize groups that have been oppressed, mistreated, etc. this is the same basic recruiting tactic that isis uses; they find vulnerable people and promise them that they can be apart of something bigger, something greater, somewhere that they can finally belong. - cults have also been known to use this tactic.      but, instead of looking at that and going "maybe we should treat people better, show them basic human kindness and respect. let them know theyre valued as a person even if they disagree with me" they miss the point and go "pikachu must be a nhazi!!! thats the only possible conclusion!!!"


#**hit me, daddy!!**


yahweh is either the jewish god or the judeo-christian-islamic god.


yes.


why do i have nightmares about this?


why would someone make this up?


i don't know but after they captured our iaf, my blood is literally boiling.


sometimes with the right amount of makeup she can look half decent. but i would never go around praising her looks.


one user thinks an nba team should fire their coach after the most successful season in nearly two decades.


i thought these people hated being called "sweetie"


below text


me, an autist: neuro....gender?????


never realized how fat he was.


pretty much every user there. i had a commission request from someone long ago but they refused payment after they saw how """""whitewashed"""" it was.   they wanted a person who happened to be a white person. what could i do....


the rtk games on ps2 and pc were the shit.


\trust but verify


i added four new mods and one of them turned out to be troll. thanks for fixing everything.


yes, eventually everything you love and care about will by ripped away from you, but that does not mean that life is not worth living.       this sort of edgy nihilistic viewpoint helps *nobody*, just encourages people to close themselves off from the world and continue to wallow in misery.


hm.  5 month old account.  florid talking points about how this is all racism racism racism.  multiple gilds, silvers, platinum.      this is a professional reddit account.


> by "foods"


unbelievable that she would spoil her stable income *and* put her company through hell for *a rope*. she's so unbelievably dumb and i hope she gets nothing for her stupidity.


based and bowchikawowwowpilled


there is no such thing called revolutions it's all enemy state baked propaganda


hahahahaha


facts are stronger than tumblr


bojack horseman had an episode last season that illustrated this very well. we treat accusers worse than rapists


that diamond was probably attached to some jewelry so i think a lesson will be learned when it comes out...


ironic.  the corrupt msmedia are the ones that coined the term "fake news" in the first place.      they were trying to smear alternative media, but wound up perfectly describing themselves instead.


have you seen the guy's gilding sprees?


this isn't exactly far from the truth. i would add so e serious life changes to prevent future issues. but seriously burn everything.


you bet. that's why i have no real complaint. and she was the example i've been wracking my brain to remember.


i think the issue with the okama is that they're super horny and touchy, they clearly don't have the consent of sanji to touch him up, but they are pursuing anyways. while it's made clear that they're good people and all, it does seem a bit unnecessarily predatory for a joke.


> white people tend to forget that people of colour (poc), and black people specifically, actually know white people better than white people think they know poc.      so it's this shit again. she goes on to talk about how "for centuries, black people..." conveniently forgetting that she is not her ancestors.


they're over 50 percent of the honks!


assuming pinault is a french citizen, why would he give a fuck what happens on this side of the ocean?


everything is a fucking capeshit reference to these bugs it's like the only way they seem to be able to process the world around them.


throw those crutches away, hop ya bastard!


lmao anon /pol/ is on his history and theology shit again


update numbers on minecraft are so annoying!


>they will also have fun and live     >     >something doesn't have to be 100 percent all good to be worthwhile      which would mean not creating as much life as possible would be immoral. not saying that's what i think, it's just not a good counterargument imho.       personally i'm fine going with having the axiom "having humans exist  is good" as a "counterargument" to anti-natalism.


yes, i definitely agree with the whole mentor and best friend thing. when the chemistry is so great it sucks to have to lose all of that, especially when you find it difficult making friends irl


you're still not providing any proof that this image led to your temp suspension.


> was it recently?      the hippies of the '60s are the baby boomer administrators of today


irony poisoning


ah yes, china and their notoriously bleeding heart treatment of non-chinese in trump immigration camps except actually worse.


the only thing i've seen on david brock is on /pol/ and people were trying to measure his nose size


anon was not on the ball.


theres some shitty version of it with trump that i didn't even know existed until i was channel surfing. the tv guide summary for some episode read exactly like you'd expect though


my mother is as conservative christian republican as you can get. marriage is forever, between one man and one woman, etc etc etc...      but she *loves the shit* out of sister wives, and i cannot figure it out.


got it. not *verrryyy dangerous* at all. thank you.


doesn't matter when it was. it's so fucking racist.


my prediction is america, eastern europe (especially poland), and brazil, maybe a few other south american nations reclaiming western europe, but this probably won't be for a long time. the war with venezuela will come first.


that's what my mind went to, and i don't even play splatoon.


more importantly who's going around saying things like "lol i'm such a crackhead."?


not really, misinterpreted and overcomplicate are two different things. think about it, which idea is easier to latch on to and laugh at, "pikachu = nazi" or "nintendo's use of effective marketing is similar to techniques white supremacists use to recruit people."


i paid like $3 for saint's row: gat out of hell in this sale and i didn't even get the tactile experience of punching satan in the face.  these people should be thankful for how lucky they were.


aren't competitive sports haram in islam though?


> the vast majority of those disgusting prompts are written and regularly reposted by foids      really makes you think


and because social media is instant. someone unknowingly live tweeted osama bin laden's death back in 2011. now it's even worse with snapchat and the like. people jump to conclusions before the facts come. back then legitimate news sources were really the only way to spread a story. now it can be any idiot with a twitter account and enough followers.


she doesn't have an economics degree. she has an undergraduate in political science with a minor in economics


there is 0% chance you don't know who jacob wohl is, you're a wsb mod for god's sake


predators usually disguise themselves as their prey.


the gay subreddits are engaged in a neverending debate about whether or not it's ok to have a sexual preference for certain races. i'm sorry, i fall squarely on the side of believing it wildly inappropriate to give a job or preferential professional treatment to somebody based on their race. if you only like to fuck \_\_\_\_ race guys, then go ahead and only fuck \_\_\_\_ race guys. your body, your choice.              most of gay reddit disagrees.


i'm slightly dreading what they come up with this year.


i think you are confused on some aspects of the concept of 'relationships'.


mein bhi uske tarah comedy kar raha tha bhai. woh bolte hai na sarcasm. struggling comedian hun bhaiyya,


yep they do say those things.


f ^a ^^k ^^^e ^^^^n ^^^^^e ^^^^^^w ^^^^^^^s


sweet lego set


pruane is a god


no, ageplay pals or whatever that sub is called


>it suggests gender identity is for outsiders to decide.      last time i checked, the whole concept of 'gender' was based on societal expectations in the first place.      >it medicalizes the experience of being transgender.      no, being transgender is a mental issue. it's already medical, you're trying to de-medicalize it and act like your definition is the 'real' one.      >it's a eurocentric definition of transgender.      yes, because trend-jumping western teens on tumblr who want attention have a right to use the """""""transgender""""""" definitions of some tribe in tanzania or wherever. don't y'all call that sort of thing "cultural appropriation"?      >it equates being trans with distress and dysfunction.      this is literally just repeating the thesis statement.      >it tells people they aren't trans enough.      yes, when "enough" means "at all". you want to turn transgenderism into some sort of sliding scale,  probably because people laugh at "non-binary".      >it breeds transphobia.      that's like saying rachel dolezal breeds racism against black people.


who the hell even keeps track of the race of the artists they listen to? lmao that has nothing to do with the quality of the music being produced.


new mod tries to change sub about small town to a apex legends subreddit


that's why it gets a separate letter?


both at the same time.


he was mad because of his lineage and a growing paranoia of the people around him, tywin being one of the worst.


because tweeting is caring.


slay king


was she fat or something


because we don't like pedos?


the real anti-establishment was best when supporting obama in office.


can anyone confirm that it has something to do with the recent christchurch shooting? i feel like they are somehow trickled together but i can't confirm.


dont worry anon u still have plenty of time to fuck this up


but what about their brand new show? 600 lb polygamous creepy guy with a bunch of sister wives that only wear skirts and the garbage people watching found a cure for cancer? i saw a preview on the wb...


came for story, was not disappointed, if only mildly infuriated :p      i'm getting the vibe that you want to give her another chance but also want to cut contact? if so, why not end the anxiety and unblock her, see if she's changed at all. and if shit goes down you always have the option to kick her out of your life for good.


porn is a separate realm of its own and often uses things that might be seen harmful for the enjoyment of both the viewer and the performer, so i'm not going to dig into that. but in media, even if the character is male identifying, the term trap still suggests malevolence. in addition, the difference from trans women isn't always clear, so the audience could connect the term to them even if that's not the purpose. terms like crossdresser or even transvestite seem much better to me.


>  reddit is pretty tame, but this is like a feast for the 4chan set      very much the other way around. 4chan doesn't really do anything (any more).


how dare you mourn the loss of your father when in africa, millions of people dont have water to drink!!! smh so racist!!!


we just gonna ignore that his shadow looks like a cat


deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3428  [^^^what ^^^is ^^^this?]([URL]


> reported for disbelieving the victim.       which one?


why do you care so much?


the pain fight is similar to the frieza fight from dbz in that you could totally end the series right the fuck there and it'll be better than what came after. the creator of dbz has said he originally wanted to end it there, but his people got him to keep going, i wouldn't be surprised if it was the same for the dude who made naruto.


who says it was about that post. my personal guess is posting 'admins are fаggots.' in /modsupport, the admin sub, led to this. or any of the other shitposts you seem to make everywhere.


wtf is a gick


[don't see]([URL] the    [comparison.]([URL]


you're a big fish.


well you can      they're only saying that 'normalfag art genre list' in the post is what straights do, apparently


[USER]


[the centre of the universe]([URL] is in victoria. checkmate, statists!      edit: also i'm glad that's flair now. the scots have such a way with profanity.


i cant even imagine working in coffee for 9 dollars an hour as an adult


sorry, arithmetic. accounting doesn't require much more either, it's not mathematics.


that entire comment section is why i haven't visited r/all in months. there's only so much overly dramatic hyperbole i can take from the newly enlightened political oracles of reddit.


the shooter is black.


why is this a thing


that's a great way to get people not to hate you so much peta! you're totally right! gosh!


brother makes a good point.  we need more peaceful diaperso.. dispros.. what he said.  world has to be made safe again.


fuck peta.


you responded before i finished my edit about power imbalances.  i imagine they definitely come hand in hand with a lot of incestuous relationships, but like, power imbalances are a thing in *a ton* of non-incestuous relationships as well.  i think it's hard to say that it's a problem that is particular to incest between relatives of similar ages.      > inbreeding is more harmful as a practice than the individual instances.      i think that's fair, but that seems like more of a pragmatic argument to put prohibitions on it than a moral argument against its practice.  it seems to me like at the end of the day the issue is still that by having sex two relatives increase the risk of health problems in future generations.  this effect is compounded by successive generations of incest in a way that could be *especially* harmful, but idk it seems to me like if you're going to argue that incest on the whole is immoral that need to apply to individual instances and not just multigenerational practices.      > though on a related note: this movie is hilariously bad.      can you imagine what it must have felt like to be gary oldman, standing on your knees while getting ready to do a scene with peter dinklage?  like, just cast peter dinklage as the lead, his french accent is pitiful anyways!


they would be funny to you too if you weren't such a boring heterosexual.


f steve was god


to be fair the op didn't mention mosques at all, unless you consider those "black churches" whatever that could be.                 but i seem to remember quite a few stories about the mosul mosque when it was destroyed, you could argue that is because of the isil drama.                 but this just happened. are people not allowed to mourn for even a single day anymore? sure if you don't care about history you could just say "it's just a building burning down" but it's a cultural and historic landmark that has touched the lives of millions of people for hundreds of years.                 there isn't any valid point the original is making unless "why are upset about your \_\_\_\_\_ no one cared about my \_\_\_\_" which doesn't seem like a constructive critique.


checking a box with a name and a party is an iq test.


i love how you had to put "dr." before his name even in the title.


anon's first person barney yaoi fic


fair


it's the "i'm all for fighting nazi's but" part. sorry if i misunderstood.


then why does he comes back? cause he gets beaten up by our diaspora. world is not safe!


all you have to do is look at their employees. when basically 100% of your staff are super-left you're at the very least accidentally biased.


yes, this is the "violent content" i posted, on a history subreddit of all places.      [URL]      you would think that a history subreddit won't get so offended over an actual picture from an event that happened 70 years ago. there is nothing violent in that picture too. merely a picture of hitler himself offends mods/admins. that just goes to show how they're giving hitler power over them, even after death.


welcome to chick-fil-a for the past decade lol


yeah, it's pretty fuckin weird for me here.


problem is they got kind of obnoxious in their responses. they were totally right (answering a question of a parent comment for why the woman would turn around and insult the man over a compliment)


how is this in any way surprising?  the "rules" on reddit have always been selectively enforced, just ignoring them or saying they mean something they've never meant isn't much different than refusing to enforce them against "the right users."


oh good, glad somebody else noticed the first person in this post literally did not have a point. they kept saying sentences, but none of them really had anything to do with the other ones.


seems like a plausible detail honestly, especially knowing how detail-oriented pixar can be. for all i know it could've been added in a storyboard like "what's he standing on? a book?" "how about a board game?" "that works. what game?" "clue? it's like a mystery too." "i thought it was cluedo." "well, next scene--"


my parents put on ndtv for the lolz.


everyone must stay on there place.


yeay doxed you


the fuck is mmiw


it's not even that. you can care about stuff like transgender people committing suicide... and not tweet about it. i'm pretty sure most of us would agree what suicide prevention is important even though we haven't tweeted about it.


grrr


he's not bad looking.


it's obviously more threatening than the left-wing social nonsense, else they wouldn't be trying to censor and disparage it so fiercely.


thank you.


this is what happened to uma thurman when she tried to snort heroin ,thinking it was coke      [URL]      *although, it is indeed possible to snort heroin.


one of my faves


自閉症.exe      动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 free tibet 六四天安門事件 the tiananmen square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 the tiananmen square massacre 反右派鬥爭 the anti-rightist struggle 大躍進政策 the great leap forward 文化大革命 the great proletarian cultural revolution 人權 human rights 民運 democratization 自由 freedom 獨立 independence 多黨制 multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 taiwan formosa 中華民國 republic of china 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 tibet 達賴喇嘛 dalai lama 法輪功 falun dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 the xinjiang uyghur autonomous region 諾貝爾和平獎 nobel peace prize 劉暁波 liu xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 winnie the pooh 劉曉波动态网自由门      no, seriously, how could anyone figure out everything in those "tech" modpacks? it's literal industry but with 3d cubes and there is no manual.      *this comment was automatically untranslated on behalf of all normie kind. you're welcome.*


but which people would have the most oppression points then :)


[USER] so i had started talking to this guy about five months ago, that liked me back in high school. im now 20 and he's 21. it started out as texting and then we started hanging out. at first i had made it clear that i only wanted to be friends. i really liked him, but my christian parents did not allow me to date him, because he is an atheist. i am completely undecided as far as religion goes and still trying to figure things out, but at the time i was just going to school and was completely dependent on my parents financially and had to follow their rules.      my parents allowed me to hang out with him as long as nothing more happened, but then eventually things escalated to the point where we were making out, so i called it all off in order to make sure that nothing went further than i was comfortable with at the moment, as things were moving very quickly, but mostly because my mother found out and didn't allow me to contact him anymore. i sent him a message and explained everything about my parents and how i wasn't allowed to see him. he texted me two weeks later and says he just misses talking to me so we started talking again secretly over text messages. before long i am sneaking out and going to see him again until eventually he told me that he loved me and that we should move in together as soon as he started his new job.      he said that he wanted to help me get out of my parents house, as they are extremely controlling and he hated them for it. he was in the process of getting a new job and said when he got his first paycheck we'd get an apartment together, as i was also starting a new job. he was telling me that he had never met anyone like me and that he didn't want to lose me. he also said that i was his best friend, which is when i fell hard, because i've never had a best friend. eventually i was sending nudes, as we rarely got to see each other and we were sexting and we were even making plans financially and he seemed super sincere.      he got the job that he had been wanting and we were so happy. the next day i lost my virginity to him and two days later he texts me and says i'm too nice for him and that he doesn't love me anymore. he told me we should both be single and that he was distracting me from nursing school. he also told me that he was a bad guy and that i could do better.      i asked for a better explanation, but he said, " listen to me! you can just be a friend i'm at work now!" later i told him that i had to block him and wouldn't be able to speak to him again and he said, "alrighty.". i asked him why he was being so cold and he said it wasn't cool of me to block him. i explained it was because of my parents and he said he was sorry and that he understood.      that's the last i heard from him. did he ever love me or did i just get played? is it possible that he faked a whole 5 month relationship? could he have lied about everything he said about me?      or was he for real about his reasons? it was all so sudden and he hasn't spoken to me since, as my parents found out that i was sneaking out and forced me to block him and put a tracker app on my phone so that they know everywhere that i go. i'm so confused. i still love him and he said he wanted friends, but now i can't speak to home at all.      i want closure, but don't know how to get it. i was honestly turning into a nervous wreck, because of the situation with my parents. all of the lies and lack of freedoms was getting to me and i wasn't okay. he kept telling me i looked "devastated" the last time i saw him. i was not mentally well, because i felt like i was morally wrong. i used to send him long messages every so often explaining my emotions and then regret it later, but he said he was okay with it. i wonder if that is why he left. i feel so embarrassed for opening up to him, as i am usually a shy person.      tl;dr guy that i fell in love with says he loves me, then dumps me after taking my virginity. haven't heard from him since.


lol cry harder


for a minute i thought you called saruh a lolcow. i was ready to .


i really want to see this person satisfy their appetite for diamonds when they move out of their mother's house.


''the us is very clearly the aggressor here. they are desperate for war.''(+79)


upon discovery of unauthorized purchases totaling $353,703 by two officers of the organization that occurred in 2017, on or around january 21, 2018, trans lifeline removed these officers from having access to the organization's bank accounts and assets and terminated their employment and their positions as officers after completing its initial investigation of the diversion.  the governing body recovered some of the organization's assets but was unable to recover all of the diverted funds.  on june 28, 2018, the organization and the terminated officers had a mediation where the terminated officers agreed to return the diverted funds over a period of time not to exceed ten years.  it is the organization's assessment that the terminated officers are financially unable to immediately return the diverted funds; however, the organization believes that its best chance at recovering these funds will be to enforce the agreement to recoup the diverted funds over the next ten years.  the organization believes that other possible methods of recovery, including the filing of a lawsuit, will result in further expenditures of the organization's limited funds allocated for critical crisis service of its target population, thereby negatively impacting its ability to carry out its mission and its donors' intent, and will not result in a higher likelihood of recovery of the diverted funds.             [rct.doj.ca.gov/verification/web/download.aspx?saveas=ca+returns+signed.pdf&document\_id=09027b8f8037295d]([URL] (it's a long document but the relevant part is on page 2)             the statement from when the founders left a year ago: [[URL] (note the complete lack of niceties such as "we wish them the best in their future endeavors")


> accountants, auditors      m. mathematics      > nurses      applied health is absolutely science


that could explain a few thing


cults have leaders, goals, and form almost exclusively through recruitment.      fandoms just sorta...bubble up from the pond scum.


bodies for the movement; fodder for the cannon.


lol


just an abundance of caution.


> and, you know, you can have conversations here      -search


in my experience, people tend to not accept that some things in movies and books are there "just because." if you've ever seen a plot twist happen in a show and then watched fans desperately scour to find every bit of foreshadowing, then you know what i mean.


it's funny how they really do think everyone who voted for trump is a flaming racist, sexist, homophobe, and xenophobe. it's crazy.       and i didn't even vote for trump.


that naval tho!!


i thought it was just a meme, i forgot i recently immigrated to clown world


i do that pretty often. banner saga, transistor and a lot of the episodic telltale games i just pirate and bought later.


# smash the dislike button!      #             


>a totalitarian **government** that puts all the power in the hands of the **corporations**      ^(this is what leftists actually believe)


still


truly horrifying. the worst of all sins.


kek.


...you are no longer a friend, pal. ☠️☠️☠️☠️


nono, they are perfectly able to be wrong. they'll admit that.      it's just that you can't generalize their wrongness. if they're wrong on something, they're wrong on just that one thing. you can't doubt anything else they said, they're completely independent events.      everyone they don't like is categorically wrong though, even if they're sometimes (begrudgingly) right.


the us has the best healthcare providers in the whole world, they're just expensive as fuck. btw, they can't actually deny you care if you dont have money. they will just bill the hell out of you after its done. also, they cant charge interest on hospital bills unless you go to a bill consolidation service. which means you can take as long as you want to pay it off. it ain't the best system, monetarily, but you (and said baby) will get the care you need.


i am exception that proves the rule here.


if i could roll my eyes any harder...


yes, because social isolation does such _wonderful_ things for mental health. this is surely a better solution than assisted exposure and acclamation. i mean, really, why try to do anything that might improve your life if it involves challenge? being a shut-in is so much easier!


is getting into a clinical psychology phd program harder than getting into med school? find out this week.... on /r/thebachelor!


toke: the founding fathers would spit out their tea when they hear the united states is a single nation, and tell us all our problems are from federalizing and forming alliances with europe      they'd probably be glad to hear slavery was out, though


a mother knows whats best for her children honey


four year olds do not use nappies.


>the president should be an example to follow and instead... he promotes violence and division.      'do not think that i have come to bring peace to the earth. i have not come to bring peace, but a sword. for i have come to set a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law.' - donald trump, probably


no bakchodi, just sharing this good old gem i was listening to, aaj poori raat khantwala chalega.


too late


but you took stereo love for himesh's song


i know, i dont see whay about this is tumblrinaction


dick measuring contest on the internet, so original


i agree. i thought about this when watching leaving neverland even though it wasnt a woman who was doing the molestation.       i think in the movie super (2010) ellen page was a character who did try to have sex with the main character (he didnt want it). and even though the main character is an adult male and the girl raping him was younger, it's still rape. and yes the main character was straight.      i'm sorry you went through this.


yeah we're in for some real ugliness after the 2020 elections, when both extremes stop worrying about the optics.


man i haven't played pokemon after gen 3. where's the competitive pokemon rescue team scene, that was the good shit from my childhood.


i wish i was better at picking up on symbolism, to be honest. i could only ever get it when i was lead by the hand and i'm still like that today.


didn't reee come from pepe because of the frogs that sreech when they feel threatened? autistic screeching is also a meme but i think the two were later connected rather than reee coming from the autistic screeching meme.


loose the weight for yourself. people are always going to hate. don't let it discourage you into gaining it back.


> i've seen comments where the girl being talked to was straight up called "a huge bitch" for not playing along on yet another terrible joke/pickup line.      you mean like the linked thread?


i mean... a lot of people like pimple popping.   and i'm with you on the whole "having something to pick at" like for some reason i love to peel things.   it's just unfortunate you have it on your butt, if it would've been on you thighs for example it wouldn't sound as bad.


are they trying to say that these are the only things they think straight people draw? in fucking lost.


r/smuggies has been quarantined


that tin foil hat though!


[here's a good article on it]([URL]


breeders ferociously hate to hear any critique of mindless, pointless and endless breeding.       regardless of their skin color.


more embarrassing idiots from the trash heap sub.


nah it's big on places like tumblr


uh never mind, lets just get it over with


yup.  if someone lights a muslims hijab on fire.  that is listed as right wing extremism in their counts.  but... when it comes out she faked it to stir up hate against white republicans... that isn't listed as extremism.      another example i saw on something they listed as white supremacy... a 15 year old went on a crime spree stealing cars and set a black church on fire.  because he was white they listed it as white supremacy... even though when you look up the actual story he had no motive other than destroying shit in general.  it's all manipulated data to push an agenda.


rich guy in r/roastme loses $3 million, his daddy will bail him out. users are really triggered at not having such privilege.


wait, you guys have heard of that underground gem, el witcherino tres?


rise up


lmao i can't believe this is actually a song of his hahahahaha [URL]      "disguises in the dark they hide from the truth, they lie to you"  i'm dead right now


i thought communists were supposed to be for the workers?


she's intelligent enough to be elected...      she...honestly puts her foot in her mouth all the time, i'm not sure a teleprompter would help.      she's mildly attractive based purely on physical attributes, but what kind of qualification is that? i mean... she's not hard to look at or anything.      she is a woman.      she is brown,  for all it matters.      none of those things scare me,  i'd gladly vote for ...condy rice or another conservative woman of color.        i just think her politics are all feeling and no substance, and i don't want her leading anything in a national discussion.


isn't an incel just a virgin?


[i don't think india will allow any kind of geo-political rally on its soil]([URL]


probably because most people do a bit fo a give and take when it comes to passing. you each give a bit.      if someone gives none, they will hit a bunch of people...      also, she is probably walking more into men than she would if no one was there.


i resent you for it.


incoherent child hacks the metpoliceuk twitter and website to hilarious shitposting effect


[so predictable]([URL] "yes, these shows have significant viewership and influence which they deliberately use to push their biased political ends and spread lies and propaganda, but that doesn't matter because it's just a comedy!"      does the word "satire" mean anything to you? it's humor used to criticize.


excellent post


hahahaha zing!  oh man that was so good dude.


lmao


its just glitter bud


i thought they had a system that at least guarantees a certain amount of power on mulligans but maybe i was wrong about that.


broke: the founding fathers would want us to preserve our status quo.      woke: the founding fathers would want us to peacefully reform.      bespoke: the founding fathers would've killed so many people by now.


the colors are pretty though...


dad what are vaginas like


don't forget entitledparents.


they're have everything to win and nothing to lose.


if only there was group so enlightened they do not fall into the dogma of the left or the right. oh well.


and even then you needed it to be consistent. like when everyone tried using ~~pachimaru~~ pachirisu after it won worlds.      edit: i meant pachirisu


[[URL]


just


mahabharata> ramayan         karna>>>>every other mythological character


the first comment is super accurate tho, my mom says that all the time. this... really isn't tia, it's just a joke, an accurate one at that.


pretty sure black holes do indeed suck


i switched to a straight razor about a year ago and there's no going back.


100%, idk how people see it as anything other than making themselves feel good and earning internet points for doing so


[USER] is telling on you all!      [URL]      as you all are ***fully aware***, tmor has administration in their pocket so we need to pull the plug on this post for everyone's safety.     


i hope they are not rss workers hiding inside a burka


it used to be.  cimexa worked pretty well for me in getting rid of them permanently.


we are reaching levels of astroturf that shouldn't even be possible


no wonder he was so against president trump cracking down on human trafficking.


boruto is running currently and that is basically just a timeskip and change in protagonist to a slightly more unlikeable version of naruto. the sasuke replacement is a bit less insufferable than the main series though, so i guess it is swings and roundabouts.


if someone performed a hit n run on them, or robbed them, or anything like that, what would this person do?


these people claim they hate the cops but the moment their shit fails they'll always come crawly back to them. hypocrites.


it's over for rangocels


oh, if this had been a joke about the guys height instead, the same people would be singing a different tune.


it's like everyone loves it. even stars like cardi b talk about it a lot. i don't want to lick a guy there. i don't want to taste that. but will i even find a boyfriend who's not into it? i keep sexting with guys and they keep bringing it up. they mostly want to rim me but i don't want to recieve it. at all. not my thing. just because i like being licked, that doesn't mean i want to be licked everywhere!!!      i might be single on more than just valentine's day.


6 day war


i'm all for lolcows, but td has got to be the motherlode, and there are too many of them.


just because tweeting is your life does not mean it has to be ours.


yeah i don't understand why people outside the usa get bent out of shape when the usa does things differently.


just because real players cheat with shuffling doesn't mean the rng is cheating with shuffling


they're maams


what kink is this?


with that reasoning is there then ever a logical reason to do anything? if life is just suffering and not worth living, shouldn't we all just kill ourselves?


when i talked to my dad while i was in the hospital, he said "next time, try a bullet. it works better"   what shocked me most about that is he has been in care for mental health issues before. he should know better. our parents don't always know how to respond. fear often times presents as anger. (or, hell, maybe they are just assholes) this is a very serious thing. you need to talk to people that are trained to give you the right sort of support for you.


damn


>til i can hate epic for more reasons than fortnite.      straight from the thread.


oh man, i wish that was still around. it would be golden!


it's so ridiculous! why were you demodded, if you don't mind me asking?


yoya approved.


i don't know what this sub is or what this drama is about but lawlz and annoysthegoys seem to eating a lot of downvotes in this thread for some reason.


iirc it was very little and most were automated un-mutes.


no match


it can be really hard to hear this. but i think you should hear it... this is kind of abuse on her part.      i went through something similar, and if you're open to suggestions, however small, i would suggest this.      this "abuse" doesn't mean things can't be fixed. she most likely doesn't even realize she's doing it. one of the most important things in relationships is communication. that being said, it's important that you communicate to her how you're feeling about this. i would advise sitting down, no tv on or electronics in hand, no distractions. a real talk.      i don't know enough about you guys and your relationship to say more, but as a random internet stranger, i would strongly recommend communicating this to her. you live together and are starting great careers. it sounds like your relationship has great potential. it's good for you to be able to communicate through issues like this.      good luck friend, i sincerely hope you and your love can fix this.


well it's a good thing she works in a factory because detective dipshits skills are severely lacking.


they give them all you can eat pork buffet, doesn't sound so bad


fakers need to be subjected to the same sentencing as would've been handed down if it was a real crime. that'll be the only way to cut the faking down.


on my instagram feed today, a twitter quote came up basically bashing all the people who've donated to the notre dame cathedral, because they didn't instead donate to the particular causes that one person was championing.  i hate this trend of "reeee"ing at people who, you know, actually do something nice for their community but didn't do it in the specific way you wanted.


so uhhh where's the drama?


my first post here, i usually try not to put too much effort into reddit because it's meaningless. but i really like one piece, and i hated that some of the community and the mods of one of the bigger forums of the manga had to react like this.


donut is the only one i think works across the board, because it just... works so well.


i think that is sun jian who gets shot with the arrow while riding with his kids.


i actually found a mayogender, it seemed serious to me lol


sounds like these founders just got great practice for opening a cryptocurrency ico.


so - much - **airflow**


i'd rather watch hentai all night


finally. why haven't we enforced this here?


it's all relative. you don't not get defensive anywhere near as well as i do.


impossible


but...that's what marketing is.       you guys completely missed the point of the post because of one stupid sentence at the end.


ahh hop cat. which college were the students from that caused the change?


k sorry you're right


i actually stumbled upon this post today


see above


you sound like the kind of reverend that i miss so much hearing from.


yeah, i get all that.. the graphic answers the question with "false" though..


where did i say i didn't like this sub? did you reply to the wrong person?


anon is a wampa


hell, to pull in that kinda money, i have to jerk off 4 punks under the queensboro bridge.


and i can't believe that what set me off today was not being able to find part of a fucking ikea cabinet.      i'm not happy, i can't remember the last time i was, and i'm not sure i even know what i need to be happy with my life. i don't know what to do. i've been on antidepressants, and i still feel this way. sometimes i have good days or good weeks, but i usually end up completely melting down and losing it again over something. i don't know how to make it better or if i even can.      i can't afford to move out. i can't afford to rent where i live, i certainly can't afford to buy a house or a flat, and i don't see a way out. every time i'm reminded of the lifestyle my parents had at the same age as me, it upsets me because i know i'll never have that, it's going to pass me by. i don't even know why i want to emulate them in that way because they're divorced now. i'm scared that down the line i'm going to feel like i've missed a whole chapter of my own life.      my girlfriend broke up with me a year ago. she did the worst thing that anyone has ever done to me, i don't forgive her and i never will. i find it hard to meet people and i thought she was going to be it for me. i still miss her and i think i'm probably going to carry this for the rest of my life. she didn't just take away the relationship, she took away all the hopes and dreams i had for being a proper functioning adult and being happy. what's really bothering me about it right now is that i ruined things - before they even started - with another girl who liked me and who i liked too, to be with her. this absolutely is my fault and even if it probably wouldn't have worked out with her i spend far too much time thinking about if i blew my chance at being happy with someone.      i hate my job. if you told me tomorrow that it was gone and i could never go back, i wouldn't care. wouldn't give one single solitary fuck. i hate the building, i hate the place it's in, i hate the noise, i hate the customers, i hate all of it. i could just find a new job and leave, but i feel so completely ground down and i don't think i would find anything better so i can't motivate myself to. i could go back to university and learn to do something else but not without getting myself into a lot of debt i'll never be able to pay off.      i've never wanted to have a real job, because i can't handle the real world. as a kid i dreamed of being an athlete, although it became clear pretty early on that i was never going to be. i love sports but i'm just not good enough to even play at a recreational level, and that kills me and i don't enjoy them as much as i would like because of that. then i started to pursue music, and i was ok at that, but i just can't do it. i can't meet other people who share the same musical aspirations as me, i can't write a song because nothing comes out when i try to, i just can't get it right.      i can't stop obsessing over things that i can't change. i can't stop obsessing over perfection and trying to obtain it. i can't stop obsessing over how all kinds of small details in my life are wrong. i can't feel part of anything. i can't even build a set of fucking shelves. i can't have all the time back that i've wasted. i can't cope.      and i feel like an entitled little prick for being bothered by these things as much as i am.


spez care to explain why a sub that supports genocide is okay and not removed?


, yall


because we're all going to die of old age, generation after generation until that sun swallows the earth. better to make a statement-commit species wide suicide with the fruits of our own ingenuity; become a small star, a candle in the night, a glorious nuclear flame.   weird, the song i was listening to said 'let this world explode' after i typed that.


oh boy, a crossover episode!


but he would hate republicans!


it reads like emo teen crap because it's just a worldview that excuses and encourages living in isolation and misery, and discourages actually trying to improve your situation.      yes, you will die, and yes, life is meaningless and full of suffering. but looking at life with only nihilistic despair will only hurt you.


no, i know how you feel. my family was the family that respected my friends more than their families.. at least someone does care about you


she an recovering bipolar addict with bulimia.      one could argue self cofindence and self control is like her number 1 problem.


i think even then, you'd also have to never get water and never have leftovers to maintain that average.


from what i remember from hs orgo, plants contain beta carotene which isn't technically vitamin a but a precursor to it, so it gets labeled as vitamin a on nutritional guides, whereas in meats & animal products you're actually consuming vitamin a.


harris is captain america?!      kamala "knights of columbus can't be judges" harris is captain "god's righteous man" america?!       auggh!


are you 12? read back what you said then consider your age


i thought all that stuff was common sense, like man as in humanity n stuff.      i guess common sense aint so common


steve irwin was an awesome dude who both entertained and educated (plus his daughter is damn attractive) so peta can fuck right off.


you're right, just not to jared but the actual criminals within our government. but then again, kamala harris passed the anti-lunching bill after jussie smollett's hoax.


>hoi4 is one of the most complex games i've ever played      stopped reading right there


i live in utah, where the polygamy a couple generations ago has created some interesting population dynamics. you had these huge families where everyone was related to at least one person, and that's ended up inescapably propagating down the line because most people are still living and marrying in the same part of the state their ancestors were. it's also why the lds church keeps a huge geneology database - back when it was established they were trying to figure out who was related to who.      anecdotally my brother married a distant cousin without realizing it (their kids are fine fortunately), and i've got some other cousins who are having a lot of children with cleft palates and hip dysplasia problems, and i suspect they're probably related on some level as well. 2-3% increase in birth defects doesn't seem like it's so bad until you see it happening to people you know and you see the pain and  the costs.      that said, they have every right to keep having kids as is the mormon wont, and they'll just keep paying for the surgeries on infants. i suppose it's similar for other people who find they're both at an increased risk for deformity even without the ancestral relations.            [URL]


why does questioning the accuracy and reliability of animal testing based on the findings of over 20 scientific papers - all listed in the third reddit post - make me a "preachy vegan" or show i have an "ax" to grind?


did some just non-ironically use wypipo?


trump touched notre dame?


i'm assuming from his username that he is a patriotic swede?


the corsair launcher launcher?


this product is exclusive to a store which is is inaccessible for me....         read below....


do you ever say things like this unironically in real life?


[removed]  


ehh lee could be a bit overbearing. hes best for side roles.


why, internet. just why.


it's only for liberals.


was gonna say


why are people touching you? look at their hand when they touch you and frown. you shouldn't have to tell people not to touch you but obviously some people don't get the point.


not really though, compared to thai noodles. the chinese are clearly inferior.


didn't chapo almost get banned like a month ago?


r/lostredditors? this seems more like r/whitepeopletwitter


nobody is arguing about it in this sub though.


im not racist and i support capitalism. i want my own bong shop one day.


there is no fun similar to eating in a steel plate by with hands and drinking water from a steel glass. khaana jaldi thanda bhi hota hai compared to ceramics and chinaware.


[so it seems]([URL]  good to know.


if you are, seek advice from a school counselor or doctor. you have options.


might wanna read the update lol


kya darta hai be spoiler se,bachha hai kya?


bc i'm going to end my subscription this month. when sacred games and ghoul was released, i was little uncomfortable with the anti hindu. now, they have gone full blown hinduphobic.       netflix is already struggling in india. if this turns to be major anti hindu propaganda then goodbye for them. i'll stick to hotstar and jiotv which are cheaper.


same


if you don't tweet about the note dame fire, you're europhobic.


i just posted about it in this thread [URL]      why is this allowed to happen? this is against sitewide rules, and it's obvious this person is doing it to hide her  disgusting comments.


this isn't even a "soft on crime" issue. countless black, latin, and white kids fill illinois jails for lesser crimes.      the police were fully ready to commit to this case and did a great job.       this is about cronyism, corruption, and radical ideologue's protecting their own from massive embarrassment and exposure of the true nature of their lies and extremist narratives about all conservatives being secret neo nazis just pining to go back to the 1930s when black people were being lynched was a common occurrence without serious consequences.


i did note the context.      


even buildings built 100 years ago weren't built like they were 300 years ago. they don't and won't last.


> i see your ableism and raise you an acab and two breadpills      **no string bets, please!**      ---   _^(i'm a pointless bot. "i see your x and raise you y" is a) ^[string]([URL] ^[bet,]([URL] ^(and is not allowed at most serious poker games.)_


/[USER] your time to shine sweaty


honk honk!


• dabi isn't endeavor's son after all.      • the doctor didn't steal deku's quirk and he wasn't lying when he said deku didn't have one.


then it would be amazing diversity


most of then catfish for karma as well.      also lots if insecure dudes angry when a women prefers tall guys or the like.


then why do all massive corporations support and endorse their views while shitting on opposite views?


islam wasn't a monolithic group back then, either, but crowder wasn't just saying "they waged wars of aggression," he was arguing the crusades were a direct *response* to wars of aggression they waged in europe, which is the barrative the video attempts to tackle.      which is blatantly false.  the only preceding act of war that was even used as an excuse was in asia, not europe.


the best way to get better is to do it! discussion groups can be helpful because you learn not just how to identify symbols or pick up on them but also when somebody may be "reaching" a bit or seeing stuff that isn't there.      i'm not particularly great either, i've just taken a lot of english courses. shakespeare is hard as hell for me to read and i can    only really understand what was going on by asking the people around me.       even if you don't want to read there are some good tv shows out there that can do symbolism well. legion on fx tells a lot of things through symbolism, it's one of my favorite shows.      if you like comics the watchmen has great symbolism and framing. as does v for vendetta. the sandman comics are good, too. i also recommend ichi the killer if you are feeling adventurous. it is definitely nsfw/l depending on your views. ichi is one piece of work i try to get other people to read because i still have some serious unanswered questions about things.      if you are into any other kind of media let me know, i'd be up to try to find some good examples of works that use heavy symbolism.


i got a linguistics hardon reading that.


i kinda agree with the dv'd guy. the original comment in question seems to take an air superiority over the other views while knowing literally nothing about why they are laughing at the scene. they could be laughing at it for the same reason as op


i am american.      i think the two largest groups of americans in this regard are      1 - "patriots" who can not let any slight go unchallenged, because "usa usa we saved your ass in wwii"      and      2 - people who respond to banter earnestly - "yeah, you're right, we're fat as fuck and our healthcare sucks."      not a lot of space for larfs in there.


exclusive to windows???


that might be the hardest i've ever wanted to piss in popcorn.


you mean "school report topics"?


yeah but america sucks


naah just trolling sonia maino


i guess you'll never be a pirate then


>gets my goat      i'm going to start using this lol


idk maybe she just didn't think being called a crackhead is cute?


rappers usually get a pass.


>you mean like kevin spacey, michael jackson, anthony weiner, jeff epstein. bill clinton, matt lauer, charlie rose, and the biggest dnc funder from hollywood harvey weinstein?      michael jackson. eh. he weakened his case by including that name. jackson is *the* face you should see in the encyclopedia under the topic of "victim of professional extortionists".


it was invented in facebook. not reddit.


[USER] rule well


what even is mmiw ?


that thing is literally a pro-fat lunatic.. she has "anti diet" in her instagram bio lmao some people just shouldn't be alive


at least you are giving me some hot takes, thank snappy


i know a gay furry who thinks that same way.


get help.


yes.


it is shocking how much that mods has to sticky his comments to push his opinions.       he also thinks that " the subreddit is a cesspool"


anon draws his own porn


this isn't a contest! but if it was i'd totally be winning


he's actually a bjp it cell member. the idea was to make shit jokes on bjp and later come and call out the congress too.


life is meaningless because death exists. nothing we do is valuable, even the tallest tower will crumble into dust. the only valuable thing would be species suicide.


peter here. this epic may may is a joke about people not understanding may mays and needing an explanation. of course, peter will always help someone who in need lol.


we need the resetera thread on this, with people banned for victim blaming.


nikal


this post broke my brain.


so do you think hindus will become a minority in india and we cant do anything?


if everyone's an alt-right neon nazi, then no one is. and when you call everyone an alt-right neon nazi, eventually you'll be right.


wait? are you really saying that it is a womens' fault (a women of color no less reeee) for what the women said???       i never! i can't even. i need my safe space.


>10 kg of lettuce      >you can't physically do this      >citation please      stand back. i'm going to need an enema kit and a liter of ranch dressing.      >2 kg of cooked pasta      it is possible to get your protein requirements from just plants.       it is possible to be a bit of a dumbass on a vegan diet and a picky eater who manages to get malnutrition in the u.s. in the 21st century in the suburbs. you require a wide variety of amino acids and vitamins for your brain to function.


it always makes me laugh whenever someone complains a sci-fi is getting political.


>2 platinum, 9 gold and 12 silver.      god all the lost money...


r/thathappened


why though? i saw this in gangs of wasseypur. didn't understand why.


r/chastity is the one that got me.


hey there! thank you for your submission. we're excited to assess its objective dramatic qualities!      today we are field testing the defined measures for the development of drama. your post will be assessed based on tried and true computational algorithms for drama, and modded by subjective qualities such as proficiency of presentation and the charisma of the drama participants. we will have the results shortly. thank for your patience!      [[1d20]] +/[USER]


ok then go back to lurking. this was probably your best comment of all time, it's all downhill from here. quit while you're ahead.


i feel like this is needs context to make sense


by any chance do you own a galaxy edge phone?


i bet it would hurt.


why would i be upset? i'm not the one who got banned and is crying about it on reddit. hold this l


>but i can't look because it'll fuck up my algorithms something awful      incognito mode isn't just for porn


to be fair, i really only see "reeee" used to mock the very people (read: robots from /r9k/) that popularized it.


ya think so? as of right now, i handle almost the entirety of projects and get maybe 10% of the cut. even if i'm significantly less busy i might still end up netting more since i'm getting 100%.


where's that all woman workplace article when you need it. the workplace that imploded after less than 1 year.


doesnt that have a female equivelant


agp?


by manufacture do you mean suck test them?


it's been one year and i (20f) miss my psych inpatient counselor (35m) every. single. day.


this is why i don't talk about my illness with partners. it's rarely discussed.


today is the day that /r/drama turned into /r/subredditdrama


i agree with them that his actions were abhorrent, but it also shed light on [a problem that has been going on under our very noses the past few decades]([URL]          [we know the motivation is there, from their holy book]([URL]


a serviceman's spit is worth more to me than any cth poster.


i think you mean arnet!


i don't know what subreddits you ate referring to specifically, but the admins lately have been trying to clean up reddit to make it more suitable for advertising.


captain! we're heading right into the seethe nebula!! i don't know if the hull can withstand this level of cope!!!


gallowboob again?


literally attempted suicide when my parents tried [to take my phone away], and other suicides have been successful under the same conditions. [+100] /r/againsthatesubreddits


> prisoners spend 23 hours per day in single, soundproof cells with facilities made of poured concrete to deter self-harm, and 24-hour supervision, carried out intensively with high staff-inmate ratios. phones are generally banned and only limited broadcast entertainment permitted. after three years in 'maximum' confinement, some prisoners may be transferred to a less restrictive prison. **the aim is to encourage "reasonably peaceful behavior" from the most violent 'career' prisoners.**      which quack reasoned that to be true? that won't work, it will only make them more miserable. or you can take that as they become emotionally stunted like a zombie..


> joshi      in other words, astrologers. this aakaash joshi probably saw in his stars that talking against his religion will make him rich, so he became a dhimmi.


i heard they wanted to make the manson family the most trusted form of abortion as well!


i agree


bc kya hgya isko?, unemployment really fucks you up mentally, i never knew ye aisa sb bolegi      it's okay, doesn't matter if you like or dislike modi, but aisi abhadra basha ka prayog social media pr?, atleast blue tick wale bhosadchodo ko smjhna chahie, ye baat ki decency bhi koi cheez hti hai, a lot of people look upto them.


repost


yeah, you hear this everywhere.  for some reason people like to think that unpredictable weather is unique to wherever they live.       and sure some places more than others, but it's nothing to start measuring dicks over.


if something is there "just because" then... it's probably not good writing lol. a plot twist without any sort of foreshadowing is ultimately pointless and disappointing.


do people not understand how opposed to politics god was? he told israel a king would be their downfall, and jesus intentionally was born not as a king.      but you know, cherry-picking is easier.


maybe, but woke twitter acted like a) no significant progress has been made on the water, b) no significant money has been donated to flint at all, c) it's impossible for 'white people' to donate to both flint and notre dame, and d) it was only white people donating to nd.


i am single and well the sex is awesome.


yeah, i hate nc summer weather (and basically any to our south, too :/ ) - but at least we have air conditioning here, where scotland probably doesn't.


to be fair in the shows charizard is kind of a cunt


is this a joke? why can't i tell?


some people just need their population reduced.       freedom!!!


and i think that a lot of that is due to the nature of both social media and the legacy media.  it's a messy landscape, and to be perfectly honest the way that a lot of news outlets have come to write stories on what controversial tweet is trending is garbage reporting and absolutely lazy.


i'm sorry you had to go through this.. i hope you're feeling better..


fuck yeah do it. that's just stupid drama having the kid


(  what kind of person steals from a non profit organization who is using that money to save peoples lives?  i hope they get what they deserve, and pay back every cent.  it's a good organization, and the trans community cant afford to lose them.


thank you!


only because i linked it here and i'm sure it was reported.      go to their sub and you'll frequently see this kind of shit at +200 and left up indefinitely.


it's already started. there was an outbreak of typhus of all things at the la city hall from all the fleas coming off the rats, who are there because of all the trash the homeless leave out. then there's that measles outbreak...


that dude is definitely not military either


who is this alien?


i would love to say it's lack of critical thinking skills but in reality it's ignorance.


no, but you see, pikachu is a pokemon, right? and the nazis killed lots of people, and because of my friendless childhood, you get it, right?


the mandir is college for us.


hey stormcrow2112! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * there is not enough drama to merit an srd submission.        please wait and see if things develop further, or look for a subthread with more drama. make sure you're linking with the proper context.      events such as "x sub was hacked" or "y sub was made private" are not drama in and of themselves - do not just link to a subreddit that was taken over. if there are dramatic happenings around the takeover, please make a self post and include links to drama that users can read.            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


vicky ii > ckii


which conversation do you want to have that is not allowed?


all manual razors work with all skin preps.. whether it be brush and soap, oil, shave butter, or foam. your individual skin and hair type might prefer one over the others though.


>now obviously eating this amount of lettuce isn't necessarily easy or enjoyble. but the point was that you can get the necessary amount of protein.


thank god for those psychic powers of yours, otherwise you might look bitter that he gets laid and you don't.


why is epic actually disliked by most of these people exactly?  most people don't give a shit about the user reviews, the search function is in, the refund policy is fine now, its small, its security comcerns are identical to steam.  so explain why its a big deal.  why is it more than a 2 minute nuisance.  its barely annoying let alone an actual problem.


what nazis? what world do you live in?


salma hayek isn't even white. she's mexican.


that discussion did make it up there but it is locked now. they just can't help themselves.


that isn't anything new, that's always been an issue. who do you think were the biggest pushers of leftist ideals in the 60s? and the ones instigating the endless protests we have seen since the end of ww2 if not before then.


i'm not sure which part is better, the founder showing up at josh's house to intimidate him or the compound they were building in the desert.


this but unironically


r/talesfromcavesupport


but that's ron from kim possible. wut?


i mean... benevolent or not, it's still treating someone differently because of their skin colour. that's racism.


first post i see is titled:      >entitled mom gets her daughter and her friends to accuse me of rape and demand i be kicked from an art contest.      i don't know about you, but i am pretty darn sure this even occurred exactly as op describes without having read it.


who has been drawing dicks?!?


liu bei betrayed pretty much everyone he ever worked for/with.


what do you think of people who call things "cancer"?


i think the i is probably indigenous in this case, but i have no idea what the b is.


wait what show?


i can't get over the fact that they used the term 'wypippo' without a hint of irony.


missy elliott      nicki minaj when the studio lets her do her thing


bs stands for bullshit


i do agree, but even if it's 1% of cops that are bad, that means 1 bad cop in a town with 100 cops, and 100 bad cops in a city with 10,000 cops.  can you point to 100 bad cops in chicago?  it will always be a problem we have to keep an eye out for, unless you neuter the police force to the point that they are ineffective.  chicago does appear to have more corruption than other cities, but it's also quite possible they're just really shitty at cover ups.  reporting on police misbehavior drives clicks, reporting on police *good* behavior does not, so whatever you see on the news is always going to give a much more bleak view of the police than actual statistics will, even if there is variance between cities in terms of the percentage of police interactions that go poorly, which there *always* will be.  this is one area where 'equality of outcome' will never happen, no matter how hard you try.


any other questions?      plenty actually


>the only way to stop a bad guy with a spatula is a good guy with just about anything.      holy kek


this is what you believe when you don't go outside


wtf my spiderman movie experience!!! gone!!


they're also bitching about not making any tips.      it's easy to gain tips if you're friendly and provide good service. being attractive also helps, but i've seen "plain-looking" guys rake in a lot of tips because they were charismatic and entertaining.       complaining that you're not making any tips doesn't mean it's capitalism's fault... most of the time, *it's your own.*


becuase those things are taboo, and dark humor is jokimg about taboo things that arent ok


bots wrong because the top nta is above 6500.


get some therapy my dude.  childhood trauma lasts forever, so you have to deal with it with some professional help. i was pursued by a child molester when i was 8. he never did anything physical, in fact i have no idea who it was. he called me at home and knew my name but i did not know him. it was entirely a psychological mind fuck. that was 40+ years ago, i've had several decades of therapy and i still get freaked out when the phone rings.


[spread this]([URL]


sometimes.


80% of the abuse victims were boys, so should this be about homosexuality now?


lets go back on digg


it's a thing they do. the whole sub revolves around it.


that's what a moderated sub looks like. the top comments had no sources to back up their claims, so they were removed. would you rather have misinformation or no information?


ah. ok. my b.


tfw you attempt to take something back but the instead you just gave people who say *сlown world* a new video they can link to each other.


you have never and will never do any home improvement project in your entire life lmao


what's the discrepancy again?, hard to keep track


mods at r/northdakota banning anyone for questioning their spread of hate speech and racism.


got epilepsy. now how shall i vote.


...i think i understand what you're saying...


it's nerf or nothing


not too long ago i ranted about how stupid it is when people pick random bible verses and use them to push agendas. churches have spilt and people have been killed over biblical interpretation. why would some idiot that probably hasn't gone to church in years (or ever) know the right way to interpret it?


im14andthisisdeep


i live in a place where y'all is completely acceptable and common to use (also cowboy hats and boots are normal everyday wear) and this was waaaaay too much.


this post is proof this sub is being overrun by r/allfugees and agendaposters. there's no drama here and the """joke""" fucking sucks.


lol the admins don't actually care if you comment on linked threads or break the rules most of the time      worst thing that happens is original subreddit mods might ban you for like a day or two, or permanent for some of the more mentally ill moderators      and if you talk shit about circumventing the ban they just suspend your account for 24 hours      make death threats to one of the admins buddies however and they'll ip + cookie + shadowban all your accounts for life (rip my old accounts)      but nowadays there is so much more fucked up shit going on so they are probably much more liberal when it comes to banning


there ya go. thats the way to be. nothing wrong with that at all. anybidy who says otherwise is either willfully ignorant or seeking affirmation for their own short comings.


hahaha, this is the dumbest one yet.


yeah, but people like to build for aesthetics in the sims. why complain about getting more assets to build with?


because most people can't afford a bazillion dollars for modern medical care.


> there is a scientific field of agriculturar science, but that doesn't make every farmer a scientist.      please stop being obtuse. farming is not an academic science, but botany is.      are you saying that nurses should have no education in biology and anatomy?


why shouldn't they lock it, it turned to complete shit


i completely understand the disconnect.


really, "believe all victims" needs to come with an asterisk after "believe". i agree that you shouldn't respond to accusations with a knee-jerk "you're a liar", you should offer sympathy and should lean towards believing them, since the vast majority of accusations (98% of all crimes and 91% of sexual crimes, according to the fbi iirc) are true. what you should also do is weigh all the evidence as it is made known and if the evidence suggests that the crime was faked or the accusation is false to call that out as soon as is reasonable.      trust, but verify.


technically, off topic,  but i missed the report on it and it's already gained traction so i'm going to leave it for now, plus, this is one of the many good examples of *why* these hoaxes are harmful.


it definitely is a fairly common theme


cultural appropriation


when you try to bash someone but your the one that gets hit


the most powerful man on earth tells god to go fuck himself, not because he hates him, but because he loves him.


i'm a christian and i completely agree with what he said.  the catholic church's response to this whole thing has been too slow, too timid, too self serving, and hasn't come close to properly apologizing or serving those that were victimized in its name.      of all the fake outrage on the internet, i feel like this one's actually well deserved.


she (the original author) got bent over and danvered well and truly.


[URL]


because this is toxic modding and bad mods need to be called out on their bullshit and held accountable.      people hold me accountable for my subreddit all the time. shit mods are the biggest problem facing reddit.


looks like it was down on the 18th but came back. there have been people posting links to the site on twitter in the last 24h but seems to be only the last 3h it's gone done again. it was mentioned in a wapo article yesterday so maybe it's getting hammered because of that?      for an alternative you could try [URL]


meta ciown nonsense


it's a very long chinese saga.


> idk wtf happened in the recent years but most of the funny comes from the right nowadays.      where? what funny?


i sympathize. i don't want to work right now either.


no one:      jk rowling: you're a furry now


brazil? gonna need an explanation for that one.


yeah not enough spicy meatballs


i've seen people try to get people fired irl for their posts on makeup subs so i think reddit can surprise you.


i am so sorry this happened.  i can relate as a male who was also raped.  i never told anyone for years.  go see a good therapist one that specializes in rape, it will help a lot. good luck and be thankful you have at least a couple friends in your life you can talk with.


see with the context i knew what it would be yet i still clicked...


yeah the author demonizes cao cao to the point of various inconsistency but still people became fans of cao cao cause of how his character shines along with his achievements


/r/politics working overtime to remove any evidence of antifa attack on andy ngo,


baste


they're still sore their paper thin russia conspiracy theories didn't take down "drumph"


i love the guy suggesting 22 lbs of lettuce as a protein source


my bisexual self would like to nominate tak7ics for president of the world


this picture just shows how hitler was a normal person before he got involved with the wrong people.      edit: /s


judging by the grammar of the replies...


what kind of moron doesn't know what to do on penis inspection day by 15


either way, the answer is clear: piracy is a moral good.


i have to wait until tomorrow morning to do the test but i have motives to be in panic.    it is in my bag, well-hidden, i am thinking about destroying it so i definitely can't have a positive response.    i am underage, my parents are strictly catholic and basically ***against sex.***   it is not my fault - looks hard to believe, but it is the truth.    my friends would reject me aswell, my boy would...    i hope this is just kind of paranoia.    if i see those fkng 2 lines, the only thing i can do is to kill myself.     about 6 hours of non-sleep, say something to fill this time.


now who's going to feed her cats?


the anti abortion news online lately is driving me insane


they made a gundam musou game if you want a sci-fi setting.


we've already jerked ourselves silly over that thread, bring us fresh dramacoin


even gamma ray guard wouldnt have helped .   it destroyed hulks whole arm even tough he was kinda immune from gamma .      the stones were so strong it hurt the mad titan too so


the issue was that it was the day of the first democrat debate.      also when the logs were released it showed t_d mods instantly removed like 98% of the bad content while 2% slipped through the cracks and were picked up by the admins.      t_d had an insane amount of mod actions- more than like any other sub by an extreme magnitude.      it was never about the "violent content." if it was then every single left wing sub on this site would be quarantined as well.


considering that the chance to die is less than 1% in this instance (and if i did chance upon a skittle that somehow possessed the necessary concentration of poison to kill me on that skittle i'd very likely notice if something was off), sure.


i agree with the comments in the post. it's a real dick move. downvoted.


i dont know enough about uk politics to comment on this


#kill all white men       #racism


what do they think the union side believed in exactly?


this isn't accurate at all. i also make jokes about rape and dead babies.


what exactly is going on here? is it a fetish?


what if they made the white character's skin color darker?


>going to /b/ to escape gayness      you're in for a surprise


dude i just had guys on r/politics state that libertarians want small government becasue it makes a fasccist takeover ... easier      thats right, we need a large powerfull federal government to avoid being taken over by people who support a large powerful federal government.


no. stingray was probably long gone. when they sting it's not like the animal gets stuck to you. it stabs and the barb detaches.


i've never read something and been more sure that it was an american that wrote it


most chinese food is not really chinese, it conforms to our palettes so we don't gag and fucking die, joking of course, but the chinese cook 'texture foods', they eat for the feeling of it, not just the taste. this means that the food can smell like ass, and taste like it, but still be loved due to how interesting it is. that's pretty beautiful to be honest. but most chinese resturants are holding back the full unbridled force of their cuisine, and you don't see many authentic asian meals.


to be fair... fathers kill kids too, it's even been on the news recently


i hope you reported him back, with a note about the false report to boot.


so apparently, after its successful "make milk racist" and "make clowns racist" campaigns, 4chan has decided to make hashtags racist.      [URL]      chapminds is obviously onto this troll, they know all about it and will not fall for it!      >step one: plan an elaborate(?) hoax.      >step two: let everyone find out every planned detail before perpetrating the hoax.      >step three: declare victory.      chapminds are not gonna fall for this hoax and think the people declaring victory are ridiculous.      [URL]      >wow, this is worse than i originally thought. the article is literally about how it's all a hoax, and they're like "we fooled them!"      >damn.      >edit:      >the far-right campaign, dubbed "bash the hash," a play on the anti-fascist term "bash the fash," aims to remove the ability of sites like twitter to use the popular symbol.      >"it will be a perfect win-win situation," the user adds. "either twitter will have to accept blatant nazism on its forums or it will effectively have to find a way to get rid of the site's core mechanics."      >bash the hash "will also force corporations to stop putting hashtags on every fucking ad ever," according to the campaign leader.      >here's the actual article. i'd be really interested to know who these tricksters think they've fooled.      ---------------------------------      me too!  i'd really like to know who the hell would get duped by an obvious troll that they are being really open about!      [URL]      oops.      [URL]      >they're really delusional if they think there being subtle about their new nazi propaganda. i really hope it blows up in their faces. also, i love that t-d are always complaining about how there not nazis but in the next instance there upvoting literal nazi propaganda.


after cricket world cup 2019...


i think i got this fortune out of a cookie as well.


the argument used to be 'what happens in the bedroom is none of your business' regarding marriage, now it's 'what happens in the bedroom you better fucking pay for'.


bruh sound effect 2


not surprising. if the story is true (i doubt it)  he says she doesn't even like the music and is only going because she likes him


suicide is a viable method of death. if your life is so fucked you are in agony every day, i dont see a problem with suicide.  id mentally hold your hand and wish you a safe journey.      this more applies to physical ailments which are incurable, but there are psychological pains that can be so difficult to fix, sometimes it might not be viable to try.  ive considered suicide a lot, even just two months ago.      an institution would ruin my life, but im back in college at 35 with my gi bill and trucking along. am i loving life? fuck no. happy? sort of.  suicidal? not right now. ever gonna do it? extremely unlikely.      just because you talk about blowing your brains out doesnt mean you will do it.      my wife didnt report me or anything, just talked to me like a human, understood my pain, and let me deal with it while supporting me in the simplest of ways...listening to me, making me tea for the next morning, stuff like that.      you throw zyprexa at me, fuck you, my life would be over.


oh they are. apparently 21 savage was just more important to the yelling rhymes game than i knew.


r/comedycemetary


i always thought a big part of it was that there were simply less programs for clinical psych, too. like, aren't there almost 200 med schools in the country (not to mention all the ones outside of the country that have largely the same curriculum and still prep american students for the usmle?) how many clinical pysch programs are there?


that's because you're a filthy casual.


i always thought cockroaches weren't actually a big problem because i'd only ever seen little wood roaches out in the woods.      then me and my buddies went to nyc for a concert and were like, "fuck it, we'll just stay at a cheap motel. we only need a place to sleep for one night."      that was a mistake. i woke up in the middle of the night and those fuckers were everywhere. when i got home i left my bag on the porch to freeze any of them to death incase some hitched a ride.


thank you for your willingness to answer. you are of course under no obligation to offer an explanation, but i had heard the other side of the story (from the "old guard" members) and it seemed...incomplete, at best (and downright fishy tbh). i'm sorry to hear things were handled so poorly, that really does sound unfair. it seems like the old guard is pulling the strings at this point. i enjoy the sub generally but man there is some toxicity going on around there. definitely agree with some of the commenters on this thread that we seem to be cannibalizing ourselves.


wait, is it confirmed to be an epic exclusive? i haven't heard anything about that.


wow. so much for "hands off." the used to cleverly say they were hands off for the most part, that way they were no responsible. now they have real employees moderating the website for once. but sadly these people seem to just be gross power trippers with a paycheck.


you're definitely not wrong there, lol.


i'm team dump his ass. the way he talks about people's jobs that make less than him is a red flag in my book.


when evil shows up it blows up


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      **[rule 6: post formatting]([URL]      **screenshots, if used, must be full post and full context.**       **just posting the headline of an article will get your post removed**. this includes someone sharing a link on social media without any discussion on that post.      we should be able to see the post in question as well as any necessary context to understand what's being discussed.      you may not edit the content of posts to add reaction memes, criticism, jokes or other content that isn't necessary context.      you may censor any blog names to protect the bloggers, but if the post looks like a troll it will be removed and you will be asked to **send the mods a link to the blog for verification**.         ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


what was that about uo only removing them because they were popular? lol


>hindu fasciwadi      whatever makes you happy :)


and of fucking course he lives in my state. why are so many people here like this? i've witnessed multiple people treaten bodily harm against myself or my friends over literally nothing since i've lived here. we seriously need more therapists and anger management courses.


but most will


i guess even in context, any negative words against fat people triggers the mods.


i don't have autism, but i do have ocd, and i can say that i would rather die than have my ocd, which i have eradicated as best i can, become my gender.


so, op doesn't like something and that leads them to make an accusation but don't actually accuse pokemon of anything?  op basically said nothing and claimed because of that nothing pokemon is brainwashing people like the alt-right.      witch hunt comes to mind.


like a launcher for launchers? that's brilliant!


a gamer and a male feminist. i bet the fbi was watching him like a hawk.


god what is it with tumblr users and not knowing jack shit about color theory. in a pastel setting a random dark color just looks off.


what a weird fucking sub you drama folks are.


sounds like you need to get out of utah


how are people not more offended by that? the same with poc.


we might have to actually go to talking to each other in person or on the phone again. bet the conversations will at least be a lot more civil.           the internet's greatest success is bringing all the world together.           the internet's greatest failure is bringing all the world together anonymously. i think it has been a fascinating unintended social experiment in just how savage and hateful the human race is when you don't have to be held accountable for your actions/speech.


im shocked that so many of these "vulnerable victims" are actually mentally unstable liars.       shocked.


one time my sister was passing around some news story" about obama and how that when air force one flies over israel obama takes a shit and they eject it all over the city. it was absolutely insane, but they all just believed it." (+33)


to establishment figures she may as well be a neon nazi for not throwing her full support to israel


i absolutely believe that some portion of the millions of people on reddit are the type of crazy fuckers who'd swat someone.  and it only takes one person to do it.


oh so that's why r/neoliberalgaming is dead.


this comment is going 2 hell


give me gold i'll send you 10/10 dank memes no scam


still crack yo


i guess we will see


why is eating breakfast at work such a big deal?      why is this person a snitch?


this is so true


apparently they are literally bashing an entire religion and then not realizing how bad the irony is


chicago sues jussie smollett for cost of police work


living in america, finding a restaurant owned by an actual indian


*the kind of hot take that no one can appreciate


fucking thank jeebus longpostbot is back. i thought you left for good last week bby. you always know just what to say


oh man, this guy feels like the last novelty account here. this one seems alright but i completely get why people would ban him. when they were *the thing* it got annoying as shit, especially guys like potato_in_my_anus (his meltdown was kino tho)      they were all annoying.      except for _vargas.


both the far-left and far-right are collectivist ideologies, and as such incompatible with libertarianism. the most racist people tend not to support capitalism.      don't believe me? here: [URL]


i think a lot of reddit posters have extreme external locuses of control where every failure in their life has to be tied to some systematic failure so they cannot accept that systems sometimes work because in their minds, if systems worked then they wouldn't be failures.


this link will show all the removed comments:      [URL]  


well those are mind numblingly fucking stupid but they dont violate t and s


murdoc is kinda green tbh. what other band has a green guy


it's lu bu


i find it strange that a professional would completely invalidate their own field like it, but it happens too often.


that's why they call it a *punch*-line


that seems excessive for something that is a hobby and not you are getting paid to do it.


what's there to understand? it's a pipe dream economic system up there with unicorns and tooth fairies.


doubt they're going to find gainful employment enough to come up with $350k any time soon.


he did when he questioned kavanaugh when all the rape threats were thrown left and right.  


>i want to be self sustaining as much as possible.      bud i got some bad news about      society      or alternatively, about subsistence farming, depending on where you're going with this


a-and then?


>    > they are the same as the straight dudes who jack off to lesbian porn.       i don't see very many of those acting self-righteous and getting defensive like yaoi/slash fangirls do.


remy is a chad


if theres any symbolism in those books it isn't intentional, the authors wouldn't know subtlety if it beat them over the head with a brick


go watch wind river.


>wasn't a trump supporter      he had pro-trump stickers all over his van. iirc, he claimed to be a trump supporter. unless you're claiming it was a false flag for the midterms? because it did kinda seem like that.      and yes, they were fake bombs... he never intended to actually harm anyone. still a fucked up thing to do.


truuuueeee


what if a trans person killed themselves in the fire after escaping syria


periods are a weak indicator of if you're a woman; however reading teen vogue is a dead giveaway.


joe manchin and who else?


> but when one eye doesn't move at all, it's obvious.      actually it does move, there is a ball attached to the eye muscles and the false eye sits on top of that so it does move up, down, left and right


yes unfortunately yes


sweet sweet karma


post natal abortion.


he already converted it you nonce


slapfight in /r/earwolf when someone on twitter accuses a resident lesbian "comedian" of being a bigot.


>couldn't that same thing be said of someone like john lasseter?   >>there's a difference between someone who's taken a bad stance on rape vs. someone who's actually been involved with sexual harassment like lasseter. it's not even been a few months since he officially exited disney. i do believe lasseter can change but it's barely been a minute.      apparently rescinding your support for a rapist is equivalent to a rapist changing so they don't rape anymore.


nope, i made this account after the purge.  i just genuinely don't post or comment many places other than drama.  that's how low i am.


gillette claimed another one!


lmao she got a big ass head


i'm yet to see modi push some viraat agenda. so far it's been all talk. we're waiting


don't forgot to burn yourself


i won't. i unironically love that volkslied


i think i know this post she couldn't get a taxi/uber because her dumbass didnt have money so she had to ask the bartender or that's whst she told the op


it cracks me up when lefty americans pile on to thatcher over anger about shutting down coal mines.


it just causes paranoia in some people, i get it too and i smoke moderately every day. especially happens after a second cup of coffee in the morning, the caffeine and cannabinoids and other chemicals interact and cause me to think i am going into cardiac arrest, just because i "felt my heart slow down, man." you're most likely ok, but you can always talk to your doctor about the matter.


oh stop it! you're making me blush!


it's over for measlets.


8 months old


one problem is, we're essentially not given the information (and not allowed) to discuss this in contrast with the number of police interactions that go perfectly legally and safely.  just like in every other group of humans given power, some will abuse that power.  that doesn't mean we don't need to weed them out, but if you only focus on the bad interactions and ignore the good ones, regardless of what the ratio is, it's *always* going to look like you have an epidemic of police violence.  considering that's what drives clicks and ad revenue, i don't expect that style of reporting to ever change.


it was in youtube comments about indo europeans and indo aryans


pyramid builders


they targeted the_marx. the_marx.


if it's bait, it's damn good bait.


don't forget that they also believed trump was on their side


did he really not consider security cameras? that's some grade-a idiocy right there.      i'll say this though, i don't care that they found more ammo in his car. i also don't care that his carrying license in connecticut was expired, because those are already unconstitutional and bullshit. heck i even think we should have teachers carrying on campuses.      this guy though, not a smart cookie, and i don't support making our schools to be even more like prisons.


>this subreddit focuses on the duggars      i could tell within six words this was gonna be juicy.


most people want to feel useful in life, i think. what i'm trying to let you know is that at 19 you have a lot of life left to be useful.       i really do understand how hard it can be to feel alone. i was homeless when i was 20 and felt much the same as you describe above. i got a job at 21 that enabled me to get a place to live, from there i continued to just try to find some way to be useful and find people that i could 'belong' with. it didn't always work, and it was certainly difficult at times, but there were also lots of little triumphs that helped spur me along.      don't give up just yet. you really don't know who you're going to be there for later on. that person might make it all worthwhile. it just might take time.


*coughs* jimi hindrix


expose people who are actually caught. this guy did a sloppy job of trying to karma whore.


> would need solar panels, but agreed.      you underestimate the stupidity of reddit


gordon ramsay is culturally appropriating asians for wanting to serve authentic asian foods!


imagine thinking trump, one of the most lavish, detail oriented men in the world is classless.


girldick.


they claim it was warning shots lol,      why the average homeowner doesn't go for a shotgun with as little choke as possible is beyond me, and as an added bonus it has less stopping power to accidently shoot you kids through a wall.


what's in a name? redditors discuss whether a sub about dragons and cars should be assumed to be nsfw.


i've seen quite a few gay people in this sub.


i wonder what she thinks of wagner...


sadly this is also true. back when i was abused, we had a dss agent who loved my mom, and found nothing wrong with her presented household. we had it called on us because my 3 year old brother at the time was sneaking out to ride his tricycle in the road with no supervision.      my mom made sure we never told her of the abuse, but i did hint at things but the dss lady never cared. and guess what?   when the case ended, my mom didnt punish my brother, and not even my sister.   she punished me for not making sure i came home with him and watched him : )


they're not even nomadic nowadays


communism as a meme ideology? that's the closest i can find but it wasn't like people were going on leftypol and deliberately spreading communism to the edgy youth.


bruh


no bald people please


um, pikachu hasn't been telling anyone jack-shit besides, "pika" for the last 20 years.      he hasn't been whispering sweet nothings into the screen and subtly brainwashing people to form some sort of incel army.


hmm today i will turn up my digital vibrance


>why a women have to risk her life for something she doesn't want?      #_then don't have sex you donkey_


currently grading some exams. i see two exams that literally have identical answers for all the questions. the mistakes are identical and everything. what i really hate is that most of the answers are right. so one student probably knew how to do most of the exam and the other student copied. so if they get away with it they would get a good grade. the other proctors don't seem to care as much about cheating. i've seen some professors just be on their computer the whole time while students are taking the test. i mean, hello!! there are lots of cheaters at this university.              i want to see those cheaters punished and flunk the course. i informed the guy who's in charge of the course and said, listen, look at these two exams because i think they're cheating. what's also annoying is that when we grade we grade for all the different students taking the class, and there are lots of different professors teaching the same course. so i have no idea who the students are, i can just see their exams. i wish the professors were more hardcore about preventing cheating because way too many students get away with it.


there was also a story about collage/uni students protesting the name 'headmaster'


statistically speaking, that probably didn't happen


i wanna play earth worm jim now


see thing is don't give a shit when ubisoft does it because i don't have to provide shit to ubisoft, i can still provide secure info through a platform that has actual decent security in steam. epic a security dumpster fire, i'm not letting that shit anywhere near my payment info or contact info, same goes for the bethesda launcher.


that's a yikes from me. you've really fucked up if the daily beast isn't supporting your supposed oppression.


really?  tell me why-ee.


turns out jussie smollet staged a hate crime hoax


the wayback machine.. wow.


it's a privilege to be a decent person now?


that third guy from the left ....       are those breasts ?


internal reddit hoax


i think it might be because they realize that their favorite art that they've turned into a consumerist hobby can have all of its nuance absorbed and appreciated by a human larvae, so they become self aware and move on to different media.


/r/amitheasshole , /r/relationships


you totally oppressed those people by giving them for your money in exchange for goods.


digitally raped his five year old sister...ftfy


well, none of that is different from men's razors.      and more blades doesn't make up for plastic, it allows a closer shave with less risk of damage.


based


if this drama was meth you could call me amy winehouse


>posting a thread linked to a thread on the exact same sub.


fuck man, i'm trans and posted about the fire and not trans suicide. what does that make me? lol


did trump call nazi's "very fine people"? users in /r/politicalhumor discuss the context of the quote.


>using the term "white knight" unironically      [URL]


they can spin themselves out of it.


you saying that like aita posters aren't massive virgins themselves


desperately wants president of the country to be criminal. wants to kill his son in law.      upset about treason. rich.


developer: ffs


sam hyde, getting away with it since the garden of eden.


(


that's what racists say about india's space programme or anything progressive we do. the above action doesn't even cost anything or take away time or money from other actions. why is it so burning for you?


lots of parents are dumber than their kids these days.  your parents sound like turds.  just be you, don't ask them for support.  if you have any close friends, you should talk to them.  or go to somebody who will actually listen to you and respond appropriately.  i struggled with suicidal thoughts for a long time.  the mind will play it's games, the one who wants to die is already dead.  you don't want to die.  you're still here, so figure it out.  however you can, friend.


orwell predicted this!!1!11


some links:      his website: [URL]      "just a friendly reminder that real men help animals, not harm them. it's a mantra ron thomson has ignored for 50 years, killing anything in his way." : [URL]      alt-right mayo-central subreddit discussion: [URL]


[parcel is the actual expression though]([URL]


curios. do you have some more examples?      edit: why am i being downvoted? i'm not doubting it, i just want more examples. i got no love for that psychopath.


it was auto removed from my profile, but i was able to approve it:       [URL]


i don't have anyone i can stay with unfortunately. i'm going to try to move out before college starts though.    my mom somewhat stood up for me, she told him he went too far but it wasn't enough to make him realize what he just said.


big fucking talk to call other people npcs when using boogeymen like "the alt right" and "incels."


vaidrishi ka arshkalp order krdo iske office ke address pe.


clown nose on, clown nose off


using vocabulary is done just to spite you, hot take.


same. my guess is it's automod <yet again> but i see nothing in there that would really justify filtering nor a lack of reply.


there was a great deal of distress when a "historic black church in greenville, miss., first burned last month."      the story got a great deal of coverage and there was a great deal of discussion and anguish about it.  until it turned out to be a [fake hate crime]([URL] at which point the story disappeared.      you can't have it both ways author.


opinions are like assholes and this one hasn't wiped in months


i dunno, kaguya was a little weaker but still provided interesting context. and the final battle in general is some of the most interesting stuff.      if you're just watching the anime though, the entire kaguya battle is almost heinously badly animated.


just one. what?


are male-assigned nonbinaries invited too?^(asking for a friend)


[serious] daily pm modi thread on 4chan with no reddit rules. so no one is banned for anything


honestly didn't know this was a debate. and i also don't care. humans are fucking disgusting and i'm just glad i'm not that fool on the podcast catching his shits


it would have been fine if there wasn't so much god damn filler.      like 3 episodes of actual plot progression and then a 30 episode flashback arc that added nothing.


my favorite part about this is how it contradicts itself in one sentence lol


i have never once enjoyed udon noodles. :( what's the best way for them to be prepared?


> germans      > den zweiten ableger nicht dreirama nennen      deutsche


yo if your not vegan, get some mayo an sour cream in there, get yourself some shrimp, some nice balsamic vinegar, a couple a different spices, some onion, a bit of broccoli, olives if you can stand em, maybe a bit of crab if your feeling fancy (imitation is also fine if you dont wanna spend some scratch) and bam you've got yourself one hell of a seafood pasta salad


i loved "the last jedi" but this whole rage storm really turned me away being a part of any fan bases. it made me realize how toxic they can be and it continues to get even more toxic.      the treatment of kelly marie tran, ahmed best and until recently thanks to memes, hayden christensen was just too much.


imagine writing about mayo characters when you could have dinosaurs.


>i was fine with gassing all the jews and burying an icepick in trotsky's head, but byzaboo: usa edition is a step too far      this is the supernova take we've all been waiting for.


vietnam. lots of hippies got education draft deferments and went hard left, becoming the new crop of teachers, and now administrators, with their hands programmed little drones moving up the ranks as predicted.


tweet archived link: [URL]      tweet direct link: [URL]      article archived link: [URL]      article direct link: [URL]      hate crime hoaxes   [URL]


r/the_donald bans me for "cherrypicking" - even though cherrypicking isn't prohibited in their rulebook


[oc] prem, i'm not going to read that wall of text, ok?


post hogg!! lol!! we're smarter than the left and the right!       - sent from my iphone


this is your brain on fentanyl


and there's a reason why canadians and europeans, when they need a serious cutting edge procedure, come to the us.


did you really think you were getting a good ending?


a. there is nothing "idiotic" about looking at actions people have taken in the past in the light of more recent moral and philosophical developments.  arguing that people should have been expected to act in accordance with modern morals is problematic, but there is nothing wrong with saying that liu bei was a bad person for his actions, even if his contemporaries may not have agreed.      b. the idea that everyone 200 years ago was an idiot or a monster or anything similar is absolutely ridiculous, and ironically reflects a pretty gross level of presentism.


gotta love how no one in that thread will even engage with the point that russia is literally still occupying portions of another sovereign european state who they invaded less than a decade ago. *but muh nicaragua!*


i got to the point of drinking a handle (1.75 l) of shitty $13 vodka that would last two days for me. i was on unemployment so i got a check, so it didn't matter.   wake up drink till i pass out, repeat. and no food. it's horrible, the physical addiction to it. fucking never again.       just coffee and butts now.


honkhonk


oh come on. i'm infertile, that joke is harmless. i've seen a lot more hateful pranks in college, my dorm mate's laundry detergent was refilled with straight bleach as a 'prank'. she smelled it a second after pouring it in, but the damage was already done to the top shirts in the load.


to be fair you do have to have a high iq to understand the complexity of the r/braincels environment. the fact that r/inceltears users are monitoring every post there 24/7 for easy karma and validation and being baited into clicking on posts like this then being left empty handed with only spoilers for their capeshit is hilarious


you can't really *accidentally* animate a movie. everything on screen was intended by someone.


(alita/captain marvel) "if you gotta tear down something to build up something you're defending, the thing you're defending probably isn't very good, as a rule"


whites and blacks generally do get along pretty well in the south. you don't have a choice about whether you interact with each other, so i've found most people are respectful and friendly no matter the race.


hate crime hoaxes in america (link to article in the comments)


i'm going to start a booming population on sealand, you're welcome to join provided you bleach your starfish for me.


this place is becoming facebook.


you can freely discuss us news events like this at r/thomasjefferson.      [URL]


resisting what exactly?      no "migrant" wants to be in east europe. there are no social benefits there. not even east europeans want to be there. all their youth is also coming to west europe.


it was less pathetic then.


and gaining more every day.


so every single one of those women in the sub were diddled as kids? hmmm


>critiques      ah yes, that fire is poor. the flames are so disorganized and random. show some discipline for christs sake. and the smoke? please, my lung-cancer ridden grandmother could make more smoke than that.       all in all, 2/10. too much water.


>nah in this situation but thinking maybe is ta in life sometimes.      lol.  i admit that nothing you have described here is wrong in any way, but you're a man so you're probably an asshole in life.      these people are unbelievable.


reeeee normies get out!!!


i'm sure you do like her! even if you love her, it doesn't change that your relationship isnt benefitting either of you. you're in a different place in your lives and maybe not compatible right now.


it nice how they think they are progressive when in reality they are just supporting segregation


you are oppressed, cry more


ylyl but actually you cringe you lose


there are plenty of them on twitter saying they smoke during pregnancy and their baby turned out fine, so obviously that's just more liberal media lies..    


knives aren't allowed in the uk. just [look at this]([URL]      oi m8, u got a loisense for that meat fork? wot bout that there spoon?


that really sucks man. maybe they didn't believe you in the heat of the moment? maybe talk to one of them when you all are calm? there may also be a school or college counselor to talk to?


i say "female" after i binge david attenborough documentaries


i think r/raisedbynarcissists might be a good place for you both ❤️


r i p  looks like jussie smollet tied it up with rope and poured bleach on it      [[URL]             you think i am joking, the last thing uploaded was about him      [[URL]


     who are you??      and yes, but this is pretty legit cope tbh.


no


oprah might be smart but she still hasn't figured she being is used by stedman, as the only african american woman to own a tv network showed poor judgement to call it own.


despite


is this projection? i mean tim pool covers this -       [URL]


well let's be real here: at the end of the day he has to sell what the locals actually want to eat if he expects to do any business. so if 100% legit asian foods aren't preferred by the locals, he's going to have to do some adjusting. that's just good business.


ouch


i'll probably be staying on both if i don't get kicked off duggarssnark!


so this has been reported multiple times for "obvious satire." which it very well may be.      but this reminded me of a story a few years back about how the term "master bedroom" [was being phased out]([URL] for being racist and sexist.      i can believe a post like this is genuine, but only because i've seen something similar before. poe's law is always prevalent.


because they eat non veg.


no, people accept kill shelters as a mostly necessary fact of life. it's the fact that the norfolk virginia peta shelter kill 70% of their animals as opposed to the virginia average of 12%. im sure the numbers are similar at other peta shelters.


seeing my favorite sub posted in my other favorite sub is probably the best thing that happened to me this week. we really were cannibalizing ourselves!


this is from a parody account ala titania mcgrath.


especially with the same reply "rule1"


because it's one of the best offensive types in the game.


do you have a source for the availability of shipping?   also churchill directly appealed for aid in india to the us


esas can't go everywhere. but it sounds like you might benefit from one.      >we've all got shit we're dealing with, go out and deal with it.      that's exactly what esas do.


what's the difference between a dead baby and an apple?      >!i don't cum inside an apple before i eat it!<


that era was fucking golden, him wearing a wig and talking with that funny voice, good shit.


i love rlm but i feel like, regardless of how you feel about tlj and the sequels in general, they've managed to find a way to feel superior to you. if you like them, they're bad movies. if you don't like them, you're just an angry fanboy. but that's also their whole shtick anyway, so idk why people get so upset over it.


trick question. mega altaria is shit, don't use it in ou      kind of nice to see a sub i use show up here


if he "won" he'd be in jail.


right. they just threw that statement out there with no citations. they're not fear mongering at all.


well they're certainly not useful.


i love you iamango. you are our treasure.


i don't understand this :(


you'd be surprised, the lack of humor these types typically have is sad.


you can forget about the admins replying and helping either, i've been messaging them for a month about my accounts being suspended


yeah that's what i'm doing. i don't like the epic store but i'm just going to wait for the games i'm interested to come to steam. it's not like i don't have a massive backlog of games i already need to play


how many have you seen?


the original zero-two      i see you're a man of culture as well


finally a man of culture.


can confirmed. i've been banned so many times it occurs on a weekly basis.


>he had been told prior to thursday's incident that his contract at the school would not be renewed.           pretty sure this was also part of his "master" plan, be held up as some sort of hero and be reinstated.


we live in a society


live laugh love


yeah i hate it too. but its such a common thing to talk about now. as a young virgin myself, i feel like i'm not normal. anytime i see posts about it or people talking about it  i just get upset thinking how amazing everyone is finding it, or how good their relationships are going. i don't think ill be around too long anyway.       i can see the other side to this whole thing as well though. if you enjoy sex then you will love to tall about it a lot. its similar to talking about any hobbies or intersts you have.


i'm kinda pissed about it because i'm pretty sure most of these people never look as critically at steam as they do the epic games store. steam has got some very legitimate issues besides having a near-monopoly, and having viable competitors is *good*. there are other ways to deal with this problem besides moving it to steam.


can you explain this a bit more, for example, with an interpretation of what's happened instead of examples?


he probably supports welfare epics


nice flair


>american tv: breaking bad british tv: doctor who      >yeah i think the burgers have it better on this one.      your go too best tv show is breaking bad, your opinion means nothing. i'd give you season one of fargo, the sopranos, the wire, twin peaks or true detective but not fucking malcolm in the middle with meth.


agreed tbh. no one should be pressured into sexual activity, be it by an individual or by a society. i'll say it- i'm a virgin! and quite frankly, i don't know if i'll ever *not* be a virgin. but that's completely by choice and honestly i'm proud of that. and anyone else who is a virgin by choice shouldn't feel shamed into being anything *other* then proud of making the choice that's right for them.


wtf incels i can't believe you would do this


this could almost verbatim be an anti-gay screed from a republican congressional campaign in the mid 1990s.


do you feel the same way about r/shitredditsays ?


it's nice to hear that everything worked out in the end.


just like marx himself, eh


a google engineer named james damore sent out an internal memo (prompted by recent diversity training at the company) talking about how (iirc) diversity hiring wasn't helping google, and that they'd never have as many women as men at the company because women's interests simply differ from men's. he never said "all women" or that women are bad engineers, he just said that not as many women are interested in sitting at a computer doing technical mathy shit all day. he got fired.      [URL]


i agree with the last bit, but my point remains that there's no obvious signs that they were at all rhetorical


just unfollow them. they're not posting to personally bother you


[URL]      r/internetjanitors


no one said "questioning the accuracy and reliability of animal testing based on the findings of over 20 scientific papers" makes you a "preachy vegan." what shows that you have an "ax" to grind is exactly what i pointed out: misconstruing the respondent's response to mean what you want it to mean instead of what it actually said and using emotionally charged rhetoric like "vivesectionist" to describe the respondent when you have no idea whether or not their work involves cutting animals.        i think that was very plainly stated in my last post and you're being purposely obtuse so that you can redirect the conversation the way you would like it to go.  given your previous escapades into rhetorical chicanery it's not surprising, but you shouldn't expect anyone to take you seriously when you play dumb and pretend you really don't understand the responses you get.     


the brilliance of the actual text of three kingdoms is that to an apolitical or inexperienced person it seems like a chronicle of great deeds, heroes and villains, justice and adventure. rereading it some years later it can become clear that everyone sucks, everyone is to some degree an amoral warlord whose public perception is dictated by pr, and the three kingdoms period was a total shitshow. ultimately it is a biting criticism of dynastic power and politics.       really the liu, guan, zheng triumvirate establishes very quickly on that 'holdings/wives/innocent bystanders/scandals come and go but family is like an arm or leg, i could never punish my brother for this misguided error' is their collective get-out-free card for a lot of things, and the three are very adept at politically shadowboxing in a way that other figures like cao cao lack the very close relationships to manage. liu bei inspires loyalty like it's his superpower, but loyalty is ultimately a complex web of relationship in the political world over a simple virtue.


nah it's definitely his blog lmao.


both are superficial, but imo the one which applies a value judgement to people is definitely less cool.


editorials, opinion, analysis are disallowed submissions in /r/worldnews.... unless you're a moderator of worldnews.


>the fury of 'white people' with jon snow shows a total lack of self-awareness on race      yes, because we all know *nobody* would've been offended if someone said "i've never seen so many black/indian/pakistani people in one place!"      >it's telling that snow's remark has sparked more outrage than the fact that a rally held in a city with 40% black and minority-ethnic population was almost entirely white.       in a *country* that's 90% white.       i also like how your link to [the tommy robinson *metro* article shows an asian supporter(?) right behind him]([URL]


oh daddy, the filthiest and  most casual, please.


what? seek professional help. seriosusly.


how would you recommend structuring it instead? you understand why they remove the comments, and the mods don't control how [removed] shows up in their sub, do they?


banned for posting in ca. i sure do love reddit.


yeah. and i could handle it better if i got to see him weekly for appointments but i live in a different state now, and he only worked in the hospital.


dunno, it's a good twist on the "famous man's wife" trend.


transphobia and islamaphobia in the same tweet?      do they understand how incongruous those two are?      my sides...


ah fuck


  >do i need to make a graph for you?      yes please, that would be great.


the worst, right after not being able to take a joke.


yeah, the pre-vet program i'm looking into is also part of agriculture. va tech?


new tactic?      i've noticed zero difference


eh, i can see a difference. in their re:views on the newer stuff they at least try to find things to like about it, for what it is. their argument is just that there's not enough there to like for what it is, and it would be better if they just stuck to what people know they like.


almost everything on tia is as political as this imo.


seems like you learn something new every day!


i think you misunderstood my post. i am saying that a lot of non-black people would not want to put themselves in situations where they could be mistaken or accused of racism and instead decide to just not interact and build relationships with black people.


i spawn children for q.


so brave so edgy


my ass ain't take no truvada.      spread that gift around gorlz.


i've had trouble accepting thay i live in a timeline where alakazam is uu and now you gotta spring this on me?


checking in from the us midwest, not yet unfortunately


but why specify race? that's what i don't understand


why do you want to go against human nature? we live as a collective and always have. there is no true "self sustaining" it's all about the wellness of the tribe. individualism is a myth sold to you by corporation to make you buy things to be unique


it's because there's less stigma about having these fantasies as a victim.


i wish the owner of chik-fil-a would live and let live too.


i hyped up sex so much than when i finally had it. it was lowkey kinda soul crushing. i thought id be so happy and it would take my sadness away, but i did discover that even though the sex wasnt some crazy orgasmic mind bending experience, the intimacy it brought was great.


it's hanging almost to the floor. you'd have a hell of a time lynching anybody with that.


yeah, but as long as you drink that kool-aid, they're *very* flexible. it's just really one belief. the barrier to entry is still low.


plenty of snarkers were banned too by the crazy ex-mod. it's going on on both sides.


you are a lot more optimistic about their contributions to society than i am


is gadhe ko pata nhi gore log ju ki problem ki wajeh se ganja hote h aur fir ye wig wali chiz fashion ho gei thi to judge log daalte the. iske to baal h. to uspe kyu wig dali huwi h


heated gaming moment


i see a pretty clear difference between a system which essentially lets you say "yes, i am attracted to this person" or "no, i am not attracted to this person" and trying to give them some quantitative rating


> big pharma doesn't want this knowledge to be spread because they can't patent it and it cures so many things so it will make them useless!      hey, you know what else big pharma can't patent?       insulin       that really hasn't stopped them making an obscene amount of money on it.


if you're not a lady or a gentleman, what are you?


for those who need more context:     /r/copypall[USER]/aw9si1/prem_im_not_going_to_read_this_wall_of_text_ok/


kittythemandible? is that you?


sorry dad


we don't need crowds. we need faces. we need people, not groups. this group mentality is stupid.


please leave. you won't be missed. oh, and go see a therapist. if a law from a state you don't even fucking live in is bothering you this much, please seek help. you need it.


banned and muted for taking away someone's "special flair" and internet points.


nah bro that album is too fucking wicked for nobody to know about it, all of leslie fish's stuff is


kis post pe????


/r/sharktits (and yes, as the title suggests, it's nsfw)


but can't be a 'bachelors' degree. so it'll be a... spinsters of science?


apparently his coworker is fine with it.


because it's aborable when children try to mimic adults.      you're precious champ.


believe what you wish. i don't have the patience to argue this point with people whose minds i know i will not change.


shoddy, now that's a name i haven't heard in a long time. it honestly might have been the most balanced ou meta ever. gen 5 caused me to quit, i just couldn't keep up.


are you literally shaking right now


and then look at his degradation to saying it should've been him instead. guy needs serious help...


3 days a week? is that common for nursing, or did you choose a part-time position or something?


hoping to recruit maybe.       also lol i think there's a dumbass going through srd by new and downvoting all the posts and comments.


im sick of going through a drive through and someone orders 3 party packs of tacos in front of me. fuck you. go inside if you are ordering that much food. the drive through is for quick convenient pickup and order you utter bell end.       thanks for coming to my ted talk.


>bandicoot      ‍♂️ i dunno what this is, boomer


we live in a society


hitler's germany was national *socialism.* real fascism has never truly been tried.


worst fucking "crop" i've ever seen.


thats the power of love


>we've been focused on blue-check "journalists" but maybe we should have been spamming learn to code at all the conservathots and alex jones types all along...      i was telling the boomers at freerepublic this 15-20 years ago. even back then, democratic underground was a better looking site, but they'd ban you at the shop of a hat while freerepublic would argue with you. anyway, they were telling me this liberal sites wouldn't last.


it's funny, because i feel the opposite as a female who was molested. my brother was also molested and it was treated like it was so much worse for him than it was for me when we had the same things happen to us. with me, it was swept under the rug and everybody tried to forget about it or treat it like it was a normal thing to happen to a girl or something, but with him it was such a tragedy, and my mom tried to prosecute and everything. nobody gave a shit when it happened to me. that's just my two cents. it's different for everyone.


that's why they'd be better off 'making an arrangement' to buy back the phone, then forward the details of the meet-up to the police.


first off, many if not most people who "like pikachu" are women. and what exactly does pikachu have to do with relationships? or with borders and taxes and shit for that matter? like what is even going on in this post?


i'm really excited for the newly announced 'aryan type' pokémon. i've heard they're really good


with dfw, it's more of a "land briefly to refuel so you can fly to somewhere better" state.


not since the nazi party disbanded in 1945


i say 'female' sometimes because it is less associated with age than 'woman'. it includes young and old, and 'woman' typically means an adult.


i mean      r/gocommitdie


notice how the photo cannot be enlarged and is in black and white. wonder why?


this is a meme subreddit, my dude, we laugh at people saying stupid things, no need to over complicate it


absolutely. the thing is that everyone thinks about how messed up i am emotionally from my parents but not about the permanent physical stuff we can and often do suffer from.


chal be you dont even live in the valley. only borderline


anon is a master hacker


that last name though...oof.


>fandoms just sorta...bubble up from the pond scum.       you truly are intellectually superior to all those losers who enjoy things.


12 quid for a pair of fucking socks?      if only there was somewhere i could get quality socks that wouldn't break the bank.


this is why trump will win in 2020


got a problem with bots, buddy?


the argument used to be 'what happens in the bedroom is none of your business' regarding marriage, now it's 'what happens in the bedroom you better fucking pay for'.


damn, wasn't she dead?


no. he's necessary.


reeeeeeeee.....were is  the viking dna ?       kendrick lamar dna ?


bluetooth 4.2 and beyond can connect to multiple bluetooth devices at once.    a correction


on mobile so bad formatting etc. don't hold it against me      ever since i met my wife i have been the happiest man alive, we have supported each other throughout everything we do and loved each other no matter what. the only problem is her religion, her entire family is super christian, and my wife thinks that she is my first and only. i have never cheated on her and i never plan too but she is not my first.      in college, me and this girl had a one night stand at a party. i thought nothing of it till about a week ago, when i received a facebook message. this message possibly changed my life.      it turns out i have a kid, and i took a paternity test which came out as positive. i want to be apart of my child's life, but do not know how to break it to my wife. if this goes poorly, she might want a divorce which would break me. on one hand i would love to meet my child, but on the other hand my wife would be extremely hurt and i do not want that to happen.


how y'all niggas look paying taxes


says the 49 year old.


i prefer women, personally.


i will say "pencil sketch of an eye" made me laugh


[the yiddler]([URL]


thats kinda the cool thing about it, you can just make new accounts. not like karma or posts mean anything anyway.


one of the greatest ways to get a laught is to break rules. logical rules, rules of nature, societal rules, you name it. even breaking grammatical rules can make light switch from dark.


what about widowmaker


good one lol


especially as she is from australia, a country built on the systematic oppression of white people, ie the poor whites who got sent to prison colonies.      of course, we can't mention actuall class differences. don't want the riff-raff looking at what's actually going on around them.      much better to tell the poor whites their problems are all cos of immigrants, and the poor blacks that their problems are all cos of whites.


as a scot i find this an odd subject, apparently we're not only the exception but one where it is in fact *mandatory* to mock or at least imitate our accent on meeting us.


nonsense. do you forget the value the tower had while it existed? why is it meaningless because it has a time limit? what about the work completed there, or the shelter derived from it, or the lives lived benefitting from it? and when the knowledge or materials or skills that went into building that tower are passed on to build another tower, and another tower after that, doesn't that make the first tower meaningful as well?      returning to the topic of this thread, even if your life has a time limit, some use their lives to create more life. life is meaningful, but limited. creating more life from your life is just one of many ways to create meaning beyond your time limit... but doesn't negate that your life is meaningful even within it's time limit.


i would really really like to watch a baby try to eat an apple.


me too tbh


zealots gonna zeal!


you can't just go as far as saying korea is rape culture, wtf.. why do you think yg's restaurants are empty? because actual koreans and normal people don't support it. noone does. and that scandal is so much more than seungri and jung and mr kim, literally so many people are involved and they had protection from politicians. koreans don't support this, they are fighting against it, everyone canceled seungri after this.


i've only ever heard "spaz" used as a good-natured "that kid has too much energy but in a kinda amusing way". it's often not even meant as an insult at all and i had no idea it was considered offensive anywhere.


> transanimalization      so you can change regular bread and wine into the blood and flesh of christ the almighty?


well put.


nah come in eat our food give us your money


o bulleya , dil kitthey chaleya


*baby boomer      this is the first time i've ever heard "[doomer]([URL]     


#r/gorillaz   ---------------------------------------------   ^(for mobile and non-res users) ^|    [^(more info)]([URL] ^|    ^(-1 to remove) ^|    [^(ignore sub)]([URL]


that was literally one of the comments, so yeah.


it was probably deleted because it's off-topic blogging under the "music for this feel" (see also: "what are some movies", "what are some games where x") veil. that is, unless the janitor was on lunch break until the thread archived naturally anyway.


what should the age of consent be in your opinion?


they ran a cartoon a few weeks back that could be straight out of der stormer.. nothing surprises me about that fucking yellow rag anymore.       they are so far left they make the guardian look balanced and rational.


uh huh.  thanks for playing.  you literally claim to have joined reddit this december but you're talking about six month old posts.


same. but i paid $2100 less in taxes this year so...


yikes. please direct him to couples therapy and to join r/menslib for re-education


for the record, i support the message of the post. i love the wildlife here, it's one of the best parts of our country. i just worry what else gb could be pushing with this much power available.


[URL]


is this person crazy?


oh great, cant wait to go private again


nevermind when a japanese chef went to gordon ramsay for help when his japanese restaurant was failing.


imagine thinking you're manly while arguing over which subreddit and father figure replacement is better


wow, i thought locke was a liberal, not a libertarian.


/r/politic abusing mod powers because they don't support the content i posted.


yeah, that happened when i was in school as well. people were either into metallica or linkin park or green day. some enlightened souls listened to jimi hendrix and eric clapton. nobody was actually a bryan adams fan.       it was actually because the summer of '69 lead music is generally considered to be the easiest to learn on a guitar (okay maybe, nothing else matters is easier).


thread: [[URL]       uncensored thread:  [[URL]       background: this was a thread about the time the powerpuff girls featured a character based on one of their writers.       apparently the writer,  jake goldman, didn't actually write the character. the other writers did it as a joke. i only found this out by reading the comments.       i don't really care about them censoring their sub, its very trashy anyways. i'm just curious as to why they'd want to go out of their way to slander someone. what's the agenda here?


chapotraphouse is a commie bernie bro podcast


it's still better than yuropoor babble


steel. we are too poor for china .


hey toddulous_h! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * your post requires users to hunt for the drama.       you linked to too much content for users to find the drama easily.      please link directly to the comment thread containing the drama. if the comment you're linking to requires some context, add "?context=x" to the url, where "x" is the number of parent comments you want displayed. if there are multiple drama threads create a self-post containing the relevant links. please see [here]([URL] if you'd like more information            if you're unsure how to use context or to submit a write up, please check out our [wiki](/r/subredditdrama/wiki/ruleswiki_using_.3fcontext).            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


doctors have mds and they are somewhat harder to get than your regular phd's.


i'm in a field that is super competitive and cut throat. due to that, i've held this job out of college for a year. while it has given me great, high profile experience, it has also abused my rights as an employee. i'm talking expected unpaid overtime, being 10-99 employees even though were 40-60 hours a week, and low salary in general.      it's a startup- so these people rely on me heavily for everything day to day, with no real replacement in sight. the owner once said to give him 2 months notice when i leave, instead of two weeks. little do they know next monday i will put in my two weeks notice and fly off free like the winged falcon i was always meant to be.       it's super scary, but i'm going to pursue full time freelance in my field. i have built up a great network and already have clients lined up. i'll be able to set my own schedule, be my own boss, all while working from wherever i want.       i guess i'm just lm just ranting here, but i havent told many people yet and am super nervous to quit my first job. wish me luck!


reeee wheres my unfiltered greentexts?????!!!!!!


that's because despite all the pretext and virtue signaling, they really only care about themselves and people who are exactly the same. if they had their way, the perceived power dynamic would just be reversed rather than replaced with equality.


i am suspicious of some of it, they tend to follow the same story lines, none of which i've ever seen in real life. but hey, walmart is very far away.


it's actually a lot of word salad thrown together that doesn't mean anything. i tried my best to make sense of it as well until i realized it was a fruitless endeavor.


link doesn't work.


thought i was the only one. i'm hunting the comments to see if anyone deciphered it.


lol this sub doesn't give a fuck about racist or deplorable comments. unless they're racist against whites


got acid attacked because your brother thought you were cheating on him? wear a garbage bag for the rest of your life!


that entire subreddit and the community it fosters is an open sewer putrefying on the reddit servers, and it's spilling over to other sides of the internet. everywhere i go i see "sub to contrapoints/philosophy tube/shaun/hbombercunt/etc." it's pretty disheartening seeing these pseudo-intellectual smuglords actually being taken seriously by people.


buddy


it


praise geraldo


maybe it maybe not. sometimes this sub draws in the people that take hard line right leaning position


true but if you are at work and people can see your screen it's best to be on the safe side if you're not sure.


it's a her, reading that.      actually, [she's nice to old people]([URL] so now i feel guilty.      un-deported.


true.


there are about 2 moderate democrats in the senate.  i couldn't name a single one in the house of representatives.


most of the uk doesn't.  and next week it's going to hit 33c (90f), in places.


gun!!!!!!!!!!look at it


these are not the words of an unbiased mod, they're the words of an arsehole., the /r/ireland mods try to introduce some new rules but the users are having none of it.


he only plays the sims and minecraft give him a break you bigot.


being hispanic does that mean that i can't eat kfc now? my options are now limited to taco bell and mina's.


it's not their fault they managed to attract all the boomers. if you ignore all the boomer memes, the right's still way ahead of the left.


ew.


interesting.      and yeah it was a bit.      it's ok for a visit but if you're the wrong type of person it's not a good idea to stay there too long. just certain people make others feel uncomfortable etc.


>why don't they create a theocratic islamist state.      probably because it already exists.   edit : such states i mean.


this one


but if you want *great* healthcare, vote the democrats out of office!


>one that doesn't apply to other relationships in problematic ways      well there's the power dynamic argument. there are incestuous relationships without obvious power imbalances, but i would argue that all of them have some degree of it, though some is stemming from the fact that it's a societal taboo.      >risk of birth defects      i think this is a bit of a simplification. inbreeding is more harmful as a practice than the individual instances. while contraception makes this less of a moral argument against individual instances, comparing it to people with dwarfism having sex is a bit misleading. though on a related note: [this movie is hilariously bad]([URL]


if you live life afraid of offending the easily offended then youre a fool. try not to offend normal people and you're set.


she doesn't exist pal


he's like the fluffiest pokemon and is an awesome mix of dog and fox. how is he not more popular?


all the clothing is lighter too, not sure why it's so hard to see its just an artstyle.


this is going to be the sub of the day for me. seeing r/politics essentially say "we can't trust mueller anymore" is one of the biggest flip flops i've seen on reddit. "this does not exonerate him" is the new npc comment


i just wanna see what dp does for the "if there's no mickey, this shit ain't disney!"


that's just disturbing..


okay is how do i get my final weapon......      "....it says hu lao gate..."      "**fuck.**"


i'm not in any way a believer of acab, and i firmly believe that the vast majority of problems with the criminal justice system originate in the legislature/courthouse, but even the people who do were being pretty damn civil about it itt - at worst making some very mildly sarcastic/snarky remarks. i wouldn't be a real supporter of free speech if i didn't support it for people i disagree with, and the logic for locking it was "y'all can't stay calm" - but pretty much every single person was staying calm, no ad hominem, very little swearing if any, and just generally civil and reasoned discussion of opposing ideas.      if they had locked it for off-topic discussion, politics, etc. that would be one thing but the "y'all can't behave" line is getting pretty damn tired, especially when it's used for people who are objectively behaving in a civil and reasonable fashion. i didn't even get a chance to join in the discussion, and the thread has nearly 1k upvotes in 5 hours which is pretty high for that sub. it's the highest-voted thread from today on the front page.      [URL]


source?


it's a laughing with vs laughing at thing i suppose. our culture is very much we will rip the utter pish out you but we want you to enjoy it too..sick ain't it? lol       i wouldn't much like it if it was my country tbh so i am sympathetic with you.


i've never read something so stupid...


if you tweet about trans suicides, but not female genital mutilation, you are a misogynist. if you tweet about trans suicides, but not about accessibility for blind people, you are ableist. if you tweet about trans suicides, but not about poverty, you are classist.              wow, this is fun. it's like you can hate anybody as long as they aren't publicly spouting off about a particular issue on social media every five seconds.             shit, bernie sanders hasn't tweeted about leukemia all day today, he must hate kids with cancer.


lol


im shaking my head here, but doesn't this seem like a no brainer? this guy just blurted out that number without any hesitation. "it's all i have but i will give it to you, please just have the abortion".      she's not too keen on the idea, but she was leaning towards an abortion before he made the offer. she doesn't like the idea of taking life, but has 3 children already and with all the other health and emotional stress in her life as it is, it makes the most sense.       as far as i'm concerned, my advice is to take the money and run. the abortion makes sense, and in the end is the best thing for her and her health. it's only 2-3 weeks into the pregnancy.  i'm not nut's right?


it's a copypasta, calm down


> high school      stevie wonder could've seen that coming.


nah, this can't be real. seriously?


i don't think he was comparing pikachu to nazis, moreover comparing how pikachu could be used as a sort of dream pokemon for others to latch on to. that being said samurott is the best starter don't @ me.


4chan is kinda ok, but never go to 8chan.


any time vegans are brought up on any post, you can just assume it's going to be drama filled and very entertaining


who's salma hayak?


what is going private going to solve exactly?


good evening


just a coincidence!


wow, there really is a sub for everything


what the fuck did i just read


she committed suicide a few years ago.


lol some false pride about a glorified district mandi


please don't take reddit seriously. most people here are really toxic and are nothing like how average people are. there's an alien symbol in the top left corner for a reason. people here just have severe anger issues or something...you would've gotten insulted no matter what you said. everyone here gets called those names.      reddit will only make you feel worse. friends in real life will actually care about you. so you should take a break from the internet and go talk to people who actually want you to be happy in life.


yes that was only america and none of the other nations at the time and america never supported a jewish state after that.


who would win:      1 community of people who have a hobby   or 1 salty boi?


love it when that happens with the notre dam burning video


she already died, and it seems like you and your kids already went through the mourning phase.      whether the origin of the issue was physical or mental, the war is over, although there might be lone battles left.      you're not really fighting your (ex) wife, but more her ghost or wraith that refuses to move on, even though it died on so many levels already.      you're a strong person. stronger than i think i could be in those circumstances.      i wish you and your children the best, because you deserve it.


because they don't have good arguments.      it's like when you point out the state allows marriage for the establishment of the family and expansion of the people so g*** shouldn't marry they whine about infertile couples as if the exception proves the rule


i mean, i hate the sign but respect the man for the comeback


who is it?


yeah.  they're not really attacking particular arguments, but the very foundation of each other's world views.


anyone who brushes this kind of shit away has a lot to answer for.      rape is rape, it doesn't matter who does it or who it's done to.


they keep saying this is an scp but i don't know which one


[you should be nicer to him]([URL]


magical?


packing 3 din 3 khurak   call kare zero gyara pachees therepan pachees therapan pachees therepan


why would anyone be proud of someone who married her own brother?


shiieeeet


just look at charlottesville.  it was a complete clusterfuck and it just so happened that the only death from the actual protests was a leftist.  that fact doesn't suddenly mean everyone there in antifa was a goody guy and everyone on the other side was a bad guy.


if you can read this i'm not shadow banned


i see that you are new to the internet.


i wonder how the reaction would be different if they just sold the game on their site, though. i don't see people bitching about gog, because you can just download the installer without needing a launcher.


billy madison. specifically, the only funny part of what is, ostensibly, given the genre labeling on the case, a "comedy".


southampton fire


most disgusting fucking thing i've seen all week. i wanna die.


being accepted is the same as being seen as normal. you're wanting people to accept the concept of a gay couple walking down the street holding hands, getting married, etc. etc.      with the whole color blind thing, they're saying, "i don't care about your skin color. i care about your character/who you are as a person." trust, if you have any problems they'll be quicker to help you than anyone else.


any other questions?      yes the hell?


if i can find the flavors i'll post that too


kill all men


the day after it came out the ceo was anti gay they had a sale at all locations.  there were lines at every location in the country.  so much for boycotting.  mind you they have since expanded.


fuck peta


there i changed it to idiots.  have you stopped shaking?


the supreme court is racist because it wont support race based laws.


>applied health is absolutely science      if nursing is science, what isn't science? there is a scientific field of agriculturar science, but that  doesn't make every farmer a scientist. by stem, we mean scientific and technological jobs that drive innovation and research, not every single job that is tangentially related to a scientific field.


until he's forced out of the spotlight because of fear of outrage.


demi needs to learn to stand up for herself instead of getting bullied into deleting accounts and shooting heroin.


linking to voat comment threads, self posts, and various write-ups by random voat users is not a source.  if the voat link contains a link to an actual source, post the link to the source, not the link to voat in an effort to drive traffic.  if people want to go to voat, they know where to find it.      if the userbase *really* wants voat links here, let me know, but they all seem to be coming from a small handful of users.      edit:  apparently i've ruffled a feather or two.


>where do these people live         large coastal cities and chicago.


is there any organisation worse than peta?


i'm guessing from portland


take you to your leader. me chris cantelmo. you're hooked!!!


i've been a member on duggarssnark for about a year and am extremely confused.


i mean that's a awkward situation where the lowest exit polls for bjp is 295 and there are showing 305....      why didn't they stoop to the lowest level of theirs hypocrisy?


if late night is your primary news source at all, you are just...bad at politics.


> read a book      t. only ever reads tumblr and reddit


ok to be honest, we don't know your life. but you don't know everyone elses, and even if your personal experience justifies never wanting to have existed, that doesn't apply to every other living being.


reminds me of [this.]([URL]


agriculture science is not the same as botany. it's a bit diffuse and overlaps with other disciplines, but it's there for those that study practically anything scientific in regards to farming. but that's my point, everything can be studied as a science, so practically any job would require education in that scientific field. that doesn't make it a stem job. a nurse doesn't do research or develop technology, they apply knowledge that others have gathered.     


probably, but now he's completed the cycle by getting the hair cut.


ck2 > hoi4


they'll just quantum tunnel through it, cindy.


i've been called worse for less


jokes on you she's 5'4 and weighs 315 with a low center of gravity.


he should counter sue to be paid scale for all the acting innocent he did.


it was a suggested sub or something? i remember someone bringing it up on discord recently


honestly i would smash both, no dome      amber is looking juicy tbh


nice drawing anon.  you're pretty cool, wanna be frens?


not to mention the fact that trevor noah is probably the most far-left of the big comedy hosts, with the possible exception of john oliver.


holy fuck my sides


lmao this shit is cringey as fuck.


the elemental punches being special were great. it made alakazam a better boxer than hitmonchan.


r/menkampf


nasa goes live every once in awhile,  and spacewalks are usually live as well. i don't  think a 24/7 live cam would really work.


chowkidar hi chor hai kek


i guess i'm transphobic transgender person


please tell me you just made it up for giggles and parody and never actually heard it. it's 10 am and i need to keep some faith in humanity to survive the rest of the day.      edit: nevermind, i succumbed to temptation to search internet and... [right]([URL] everything's lost, abandon the ship...


who initiated the pm? you or them?


nah, he really has studied it all.  i mean, if you deny the very existence of these scientific fields, then by knowing nothing you can know it all!


> anything that goes against the grain is [removed].      anything right leaning politically gets shunned by commentors as well.


centrist daddy gets dem booty blasted and bothered


i'm a huge fan of one piece. weeb level huge. and the fandom always talks about "nakama" this and "freedom" that but then the mods go and do this dumbassery.


kek


you loser lasagna


printer manuals aren't usually that big, they just put all the languages in there to inflate the page count.


wholesome addition to this subreddit, /[USER]!


basically, they're forced, and don't take off naturally.


i think i'd find softcore/boudoir car and dragon coupling to be more eerie.


i guess you've never met any rural people, then. what a ridiculous strawman you've built.


fuckin' lol thought y'all were talking about return of the king for a minute with that acronym      my dumb ass was over here like "cao cao... i guess that'd be a hobbit? idk"


try to find a friend team to play with. you don't deserve the treatment these assholes gave you


well i don't think anyone deserves respect. respect is earned, i was just trying to understand what about being a "terf" is sinful, which is why i asked for a clarification that i'm still waiting for. it seems like a pretty esoteric philosophical disagreement amongst a niche group and was wondering if i was missing something. is feminism as philosophy not large enough to accommodate those who wish to support biological women and those who wish to support womanhood as a personal identification?


was born in this generation to punch wwii nazis.


the set up to that was fucking perfect.


no he was allergic to he poison and it stabbed in the lung. i'm pretty sure there was nothing they could do


lots of envious people roam reddit


funny how one of the worst, most greedy companies on earth, ea, is so left leaning and does so much for "social justice".


it doesn't matter. you're deliberately misrepresenting what somebody said in order to demean them and treat them like shit.


cock and ball torture is bad?       thats it, imma head out.


yes. to be completely fair, there are many issues with the epic store, but it seems the outrage is almost entirely caused by it not being steam


at least he knows what he needs to do.


yes me too i feel like a monster :)


no jacket = misogynist


i'll provide providing you too chap.


i'm with the biebs on this one. but hey, just to make these girls cry some more over a day that is devoted to jokes of all kinds, here's my super original dark joke:          what's the difference between a miscarriage and an onion? i don't cry when i have the miscarriage.


jake


carl the cuck and aids skrillex were pretty fun, 4d chess came from there i believe. it's hard to keep track.


well, then they are all stupid. case closed.


or if someone is feeling rich and buys the electric shaver.


my god, these poor men are so oppressed.             listen, man, if i could make money going to a small room and cumming, that would be my full time job. do you understand? fuckin privilege.


[lol nah dude he's super buttmad]([URL]


it's *all* pink in the middle.


d


to be fair, her twin is also autistic and nonbinary, so i'm not sure.


unpopular opinion: if you tweet about anything is not really protesting.


i'm sorry legaladvice is absolute dogshit of a subreddit and shouldn't be put in the same category as askscience or askhistory.      legaladvice has no lawyers (because they know they can't give legal advice) and so is a bunch of enthusiastic amateurs with absolutely zero nuance who either confidently proclaim you're going to be banged up for life or helpfully tell you 'you need a lawyer'.      it's a fucking joke, the only saving grace is 90% of the submissions are creative writing so no one is actually on the receiving end of their shit 'advice'.


brazil?  isn't that the green leafy herb you put on spaghetti sometimes?


they're so excited that something trump touched isn't actively on fire.


and it's a civil war at its heart, where the west is simultaneously meddling in their affairs like the colonizers they are, and not doing enough to stop the violence and help.


yup. but everyone can enjoy listening to it and feel like lord hanuman is their elder brother.      that's honestly the feeling i get when i listen to it.


>hardware bans anyone who pirated their game      if it was this easy to stop piracy there wouldn't be so much piracy


you joke but its almost like a red flag at this point.


love how in just a few days mueller went from a hero to a villian in the democrats eyes.


> haha. have you seen what that mod who she's low key flirting with on r/drama actually acts like? it's kinda pitiful.  he pinned her post and someone linked a ton of pics of him. it's honestly a little sad. he looks like he is a neet who still lives with his mom. or just alone. and rarely leaves the house. he just seems really really lonely. cannot say i'm surprised she's trying to manipulate him.      ahahahaha lawlz buddy ahahaha


dont delete me bro


if you tweet about the new tv show episode but not this rare form of cancer, you hate babies


with a voice like that he was never going to be just another punjabi singer. he can sing taher shah's eye to eye and i'd be listening to it all day every day.


ok, i know this is an obvious joke but no joke, i'd watch the shit out of that lmao.


it was actually an interesting read. learned something new today :)


hoi4 is literally the worst game they've published. maybe it's improved since launch but it was literally a game that broke if you tried to go down non-historical routes or you completed objectives outside of the correct order.


i mean, going in you should maybe expect nsfw, but with reddit you never really know. after all earthporn is a thing.


because they are smelly 9gagers


everyone i don't agree with is n[USER]. speech is violence. hitting people on the street is me defending against n[USER] violence. what don't you understand? all the groundwork was laid in front of us years ago. we're just watching it play out.


this list / article is far longer than i expected. there's a lot of shit heads out there "starting conversation"


the gop is so scared of "brown, attractive, smart women" hence condoleezza rice...


i was shocked that she was actually the more attractive one in this photo.


hehe


reminds me of the defense of using racial slurs to let of steam on 4chan or in "heated gaming moments"


they keep bringing up how she ran down a pedophile and wanted to be a detective. just trying so hard to make this worthless waste of oxygen seem like she's a very competent victim who is just being bullied and discriminated by this evil corporation who just hates black people, oh and don't forget to donate to her gofundme.


pretty sure that's some kind of furry-talk.      mmiw! (notices bulge)


what post is this from


i don't know after all the lies, the thievery, the obvious pay for play you still support trump. i don't think you are in a position of strength when it comes to judging mental fitness. perhaps if you are incapable of learning anything new you should examine yourself before insulting people who have not yet insulted you. yet.


srsly?


>caring this much about star shit


here's a question - why do you give a shit about what other people do with their dogs? give a shit when you're personally affected by it.


i come to srd to feel smug, but this entire debacle just made me upset.


so does being a cashier, that doesn't make it stem.


wtf. this obviously isn't about being black like people are making it out to be, it was because *she was violating the rules* jesus


when did scarlet johanson do yellowface? was that a reference to the ghost in the shell or some other movie?      i've seen yellowface. i used to love the old charlie chan movies where you had an alcoholic swede be charlie. that wasn't it.


nehru shat out this country, mate. why are you so illiterate ?


for a website that is all about weird kink and sexual freedom/polyarmory they sure are quick to condemn a man for wanting sex and making it outright clear he wanted sex.      he has no right to her body okay maybe but she certainly has no right to his ticket. hop on his dick or you must acquit. not his fault for wanting a floozy who pokes on day 1


that's a conspiracy i could jump behind.


i appreciate the explanation. thank you!


you do collide with a lot of men      does that journalist know there's a thing called moving out of the way like a respectful person?


have you seen the way they treat fandom in general? that is the only way they perceive it.


are they basing what they know about these people from the video games? or is there a lot more to this? i thought most of the stories from ancient china aren't really reliable because they were always exaggerated to a mythical level by the writers of the time.       don't know much about this though.


700 maternal deaths out of 3 million births annually.  that's the stat for the usa.      more people win the lottery.


for anyone interested come check out r/defnotwpd just don't post the nz thing


>chapo-fans are the left wing counterparts to mde-fans          stating the obvious.


thedonald: wait, we're quarantined before chapotraphouse for "violent threats against police and public officials"?


posts like these make me wonder whether people realize that there are also other languages out there where some of this "logic" doesn't apply. does that make those nations less misogynistic? or are they just better at hiding it in their language? i guess we'll never know, since these people don't really think far beyond themselves and their agenda.


yeah, for males there's "guy", but for females there's no equivalent except "gal" and nobody wants to say that unless they want to be confused for someone born in the 1800s.


got spoilers: jon and jaime will share the iron throne like they share their bussies every night while tyrion watches while wearing a gimp costume


man i understand, 98% of vegans are cool people that won't try shit on you, but when the insane ones show up. holy fuck are they entertaining


show us the video. y'all love putting one part of the story here lol. if this is indeed the mods reaction to an ontopic non self promo video, assuming it's not against their rules, report it to r/reportthebadmoderator


[USER] please add details


i have no idea. did i say it or did he?


i agree, he made chicago pd waste valuable resources on a fake hate crime that they could have used elsewhere, he should be forced to pay for every cent the police had to spend on the cops that had to look for criminals that didn't exist


it would have been a bad joke 10 years ago and it's even more stupid today.


i wish will smith was my genie so 8chan would die


stop the parade! stop! this needs to be about me now!


i walk my dogs in the morning, in the summer, in arizona. you just get up earlier and resign yourself to sweating. it's kind of a bummer because it's really too hot to jog with them, but as long as it's under 100f and not in the direct sun, it's not that bad.      of course, this is impossible if you're a moron and get dogs that do poorly in heat, like akitas or huskies. i have a papillon and a chihuahua, though. my pap eventually gets really panty and tired when it's hot, but my tiny little asshole loves the heat. fucker sunbathes on the patio in direct sun when it's over 100f and comes in all hot like he's a coal you put in the fire.      seriously though. people love to complain about the heat here, but it's not that bad. you adjust your schedule and clothing with the weather, much like people do when they live someplace that it snows.


the baby thing killed me, like we're apparently not supposed to eat meat because a toddler will go after an apple before a bunny? horse colts can walk almost immediately after birth but if you put a baby on its legs after birth it just falls down. guess we're not meant to walk. now, where did i leave my wheel chair...


and i fail to see how nursing, a field very known for being a field men get shamed for entering, being 91% female is surprising or necessarily encouraging to anyone.      when most males are pressured to become doctors or emts over nurses, which is still viewed as a feminine career overall by quite a lot of people, the field being 91% women doesn't really mean anything to me.


i hate the old profession ones like tanner and hunter


having bad parents can also fuck you up in really intangible ways as well.       - growing up, whenever my sisters or i fuck up, my mom would either yell at us or actually hit us. heck, we got yelled at whenever we're in our mom's way. this is more applicable on my older sister than the rest of us but there's no exemption.         - my mom cheated on my dad emotionally. had an affair with a guy that was doing renovations to our house for 1.5 yrs or so. she also made me keep track of my dad's phone calls as well. i kinda feel bad for her cause she was married at 17 and according to my grandparents "turned into a demon" after. she became a mom of 3 at 23 and was recently diagnosed with anxiety and depression (even though it does not look like it).      - apparently my dad also had an affair w/ a co-worker (or very suspect interactions with her) when i was a boy.      - my parents would buy gifts for my sisters randomly and use emotional manipulation about it. it got to the point where they feel guilty whenever they randomly gets gifts and i told my parents to never get me anything. it also made me hate hate hate gift-giving to this day.      - my parents are also poor financial spenders, especially my mom. she wants to work but my dad won't let her cause women only work at home.      - my parents are your typical desi, muslim parents back from the motherland. enough said.            while they do take care of us, and i love them, they also made shit decisions that's very hard to overlook.


it's a common practice. as an artist i've seen many of my peers in situations like this. some time ago an artist got blacklash because she made tiana and the sjws didn't like the skin tone and the anime nose. there are many anime styles, but the cute big eyed+ small nose is popular and easy to do. it would be weird if in a simplified style you would make a broader extra detailed nose. the background setting and light matters too. lighting and shading can affect skintone too. it's one thing if it's realism, but with anime styles you don't have to have realistic proportions ( nobody has huge anime eyes irl lol). the colors look different on different types of screens and i know this because some of my old work looks very vibrant on my new laptop and kinda washed out on a phone screen. it would be cool if people stopped bitching and let artists enjoy creating art. most fanart i do is usually unpaid work in my free time. with commissions i tell people to show me the exact color for skin, eyes and hair. i never had any complaints about how i draw poc. however, i don't like how artists are being treated. if you don't draw poc you are racist, if you do you are still racist because they are not dark enough. it's funny how it's perfectly ok to draw white chatacters as black, but if you make a black character a shade too light in a pastel style all hell breaks loose.


what's the over-under on baron being on the spectrum?


who would've thunk good stats, decent typing, and a great ability would make a pokemon good.


yup, i actually quit working for the feline shithouse not long before that happened. small world eh?


>...without putting equal effort into giving asians seats at the table of equity.      wtf does that even mean?  whatever it means, it sounds like this person thinks  that asians are incapable of taking a seat "at the table of equity" without some white guy giving it to them.  sounds like they have a very low, very racist, opinion of asians.


lots of countries have that why single out brazil?


exactly. and wanting to look "slimmer" (or idk, just wear flattering clothes??) or wanting to lose weight isn't fatphobic. all the comments pissed me off more, its like they didn't even watch the show.


digg called. they want their format back.


they are one of the few murican fast food establishments whose fried chicken doesn't taste like overgreased garbage.


social justice is a lucrative business


i have given up for now. playing geraldo in tw3 since the past 3 days


omfg   "clitoris owning people"


sucking (dick) master ke launde.


> a bunch of conservatives jacking each other off;      last i checked, they arent yelling death to jews on /r/conservative or td. voat consists of bots posting stupid conspiracy theories about jews. it goes on and on with no replies, just like the russian bots on there. its ridiculous and makes voat unusable      outside of a mass exodus to voat from reddit and moderation to kick the bots off, voat is a lost cause  


she recovered her career and ended back at iac by 2018 (full circle).      [URL]       you're wrong. she wasn't fucked over a long time. i am impressed at how much bad faith bullshit some people spew because they're secretly afraid of being ridiculed for having toads hop out of their proverbial mouths tho. thanks for the reminder.


cool greentext [USER]


highest in international goals, yeah


do not pursue lü bü


im sure most of the offended were white themselves. "please black folks, i will get offended in your stead"


i could care less about the moneyb i just want the records unsealed.


i never said it was great. in many ways women under sharia law are treated like children - coddled and not allowed to be independent. it's just that this sometimes does involve treating them better than the men.


if i could never hear the word "cuck" again i would die happy.


>  no frufu symbolism      i assume you've read the book, but if i ever saw anyone saying that in earnest about *moby-dick* i'd say they hadn't read the book. or was the most literal person in the world.      anyone who can read a squeeze of the hand and not found anything frufru...


you ever play xenoblade?


yeah, you can see by my all caps usage, and my calls for action to do boycott the company, that i was engaging in classic internet outrage.      anyone who just flat out believes all reports is an ass and most people i know don't just blindly believe every claim they hear.      i'm black(well, half black) and have experienced racism more times than i can count. every black family member i know has just as many or more stories of racism. i have seen it happen to many of my friends. by peers, by teachers, by police, by other parents.             i actually speak out against hate crime hoaxes and despise people who use the race card whenever it suits them.              but i firmly believe that there are vastly more acts of racism than false claims. the false claims are naturally going to be louder because the people making them have the singular goal of making their claim heard and getting something out of it.


why do 'refugees welcome' stickers even exist in idaho?


suicide prevention tend to be good people trying to solve a problem they don't understand by collecting money for themselves...   yes it's condescending and pathetic and doesn't work.


[URL]


bruh


womyn is a different version of "women", used by feminists who don't want to have the word "men" in there


i'm guilty of this. i know who i am lol.


third strike loser.  hope is was worth it.


>man just fuck off back to your hole and go jerk each other off about how clever you all are then sit there and rot away in your own filth as you fail to realize the very air surrounding you is toxic and is choking you. you have your little hole of monstrosity and we have our hole of perfume-scented and powdered monstrosity.      >now scoot before i stab you with my liner. it was made by jaclyn hill so you know it's infected with something.      mmmmm


aita for voting for trump by mistake?


i've stopped playing multiplayer games because of the toxicity found in them. it sucks when you love a game but its completely ruined by the people that play it. i don't know if its a reflection of general society, or if the nature of the games attracts rude, unhappy, and all around toxic individuals. i was able to put up with it in the past, but as i get older and have less free time i have less and less patience to deal with the people. most of all, i'm just sad that beautifully crafted games are ruined by assholes.


i eat american food a lot and i'm half polish am i appropriating american culture?


but "you can easily make a pastel comic without making their skin super light tho" /s


lmao. i've seen a bunch of toxic tumblr posts from the toxicity that the gorillaz fandom is in my fair share of being in the fandom. after humanz hit, it just seemed to go downhill from there with that swarm of fans.


isn't this the same guy that did the "talking dog in a banana costume?"


so your average redditor


hope you're joking, but if you're not they are like mosquitos that live in any crevasse they can find, breed like crazy, and are difficult to kill


why does the existence of a poor deal worked out by a union invalidate this? also, why do you feel you must presume a fair or equitable circumstances in a case where there is clear unfairness?      is this some just world bullshit or something?      unions can be corrupted. unions can be captured. unions can be inept. just like companies. so why the assumption that just because they're unionized means therefore certain absurd or outrageous things are "hard to believe"?


get outta here you hackneyed pomelo


try post the same articles and change the title to "why andy ngo was wrong and deserved it." lol


pursuing a bs bs in bs studies. maybe it's called a master's because you're mastering a subject, idk...


wow sanity sunday on a wednesday!


right? it's the fried chicken of the drug world!


go, go, gadget fuck yourself!


[yikes @ the mod post]([URL]


>posts in r/warhammer      potcallingkettleblack.jpg


dr drew has been talking about this for a long time, he says this summer there will be a big outbreak. but if you listen to reddit it's the anti-vaxxers that are causing it.


hard to find news that doesn't break tia's rule 2 because of the inserted tweets. i think it's best to google it. quite a few news sources bashed him too and we know what the media loves to do.


i implicated the mods of a conspiracy subreddit into a conspiracy. a mod showed up to refute it, then banned me for pointing out the flaws in his logic (which he literally asked me to do).


the article seems to say "revenue" when it means "profit" at one point, that might be where the confusion came from.


can't have any precious little princesses grow up around grubby males. they may find out they're not actually concentrated evil with a penis after all.


seek help from the school counselor. they will keep you safe and give you resources. if you are , that is. please be safe next time. blessings to you sis


durqa butt gets dutt fucked


old psychiatric hospital exactly. one from the 1800s where mentally ill people were gawked at by the public and treated shit. a place where vengeful ghosts are likely to stay. a good setting for a horror film. a horror film isn't just some guy coming into a modern psychiatric hospital and getting scared of the patients there


smack=shit heroine


ftm transgender people still get period symptoms iirc, the question you should be asking is "what is the message an article like this is saying" and it's basically crap science.      modern usage generally uses gender and sex interchangeably however gender still has valid definitions in biology, sociology, and psychology. when people focus on saying that only one definition is the right definition, honestly i feel like that's just promoting ignorance, but i'm just some assclown on the internet


crowder usually has bad takes. that does not remotely mean that islam wasn't fighting wars of aggression in europe, because they were. tons of them. ask the greeks, spanish and nearly all of eastern europe. the badhistory post on that was equally nonsensical.      crowder is a political agitator, though. three arrows is supposedly a reasoned channel that views historical events fairly even if it's for a left leaning slant. that video was not that.


i think because of the nature of their problems maybe communication is difficult. still think it's worth responding even if you don't get a response back, maybe just need to be compassionate


it's worth looking into. it's unusual to actually *see* a bedbug at all because they feed when you sleep and are generally inactive otherwise. seeing one out of its element is an indication of crowding or territorial expansion.


i hate pirating games, but i'll just keep pirating these exclusives and buy them when they release on steam. epic games has all the money to buy these exclusive licenses but can't make a fair conversion system to my local currency? even with the 10 dollar discount they had on metro exodus, it would still cost me about a third more to buy it.


bit of a stretch to call two charities "anti lgbt groups".      


i like tere bin by (((shergill)))


my instructions to my attorney were that she either accepts the offer or the house is sold.  i made the offer.  i heard nothing.  in my mind, the offer has been rescinded.  i'll get my half one way or another.


sometimes. and sometimes they complain that it rehashed ideas from the old ones. i think it depends on who they argue with. i've certainly heard both and sometimes from the same person.       disclaimer: tlj is the best star wars movie according to me.


d\              i i \             v   v  \            e . - e / \           r.  ️  r    \          s    .    s     \         i-    .  -. i    /        t-            t  /       ytisrevidiversity/


a nazi could use it to cook luftwaffles.


it is the truth, anyone can be raped, and it's always a serious issue no matter who is the rapist and who the victim.


do most scientists have mds?


i remember a time when trolling was a sublime art form.         not just an edgy 12 year old saying stupid shit on the internet.          but at least you put "effort" into it. i'm sure you did your best slugger.  


any wikis or list of the actually good reddits?


it's more fun to pretend they're all real.


it's "are traps gay?"


> tlj is the best star wars movie according to me.      i agree.  it was nice to see a little character development during one of those movies instead of it all happening between them.


all good, bud. i think it makes more sense in full context "i'm all for fighting nazis but i don't see actual nazis".


small homogeneous insular societies are the only way it can kinda work.


it tried but it rolled a critical fumble and broke its sword


why are paradox games so filled with chapos and mdefugees?


more than a feeling- boston


what's up with the radical left praising rich hollywood millionaires?


yes, we ought to be careful...


reference to ghost in the shell. but she was playing an android modeled on a european woman, as the originals writers pointed out.


is any modern government not one of those


_but what about *my* issues_      it isn't about you. get the fuck over it. and learn sympathy for someone who isn't you.


yeah, it's a pretty half-hearted attempt. surely you could've just milked the cow a bit more.


it's a bold move on reddit to admit you don't attend every lgtbq rally.


i hate when  some people touch you while the are speaking


tommy lahren?


same lol i can't get enough of them! i should probably check back in on the sister wives reddit.


depends on where the article was from, if its in people magazine people would know salma but not her husband whereas if the article was in hbr the readers would know pinault but not his wife


i think the difference is that the okama are played as a bit of a joke, with them being highly flamboyant and stereotypical. there's a character who is a total pussy hound who gets trapped there for two years, and it's treated as a literal hell for him.      whereas this new character is actually handled with some subtlety. they're presumed to be a woman until were told they're a man 'with a woman's heart'.


all those games you mentioned were my "big bro games that i can't play yet"


honestly, it would be worth it.


way too much effort. ğåý


i admire people who have the discipline to maintain their virginity into adulthood.


that's fair. part of the problem is that the national media can't be bothered with the expense of *investigative* journalism: the time, the travel, the resources, etc. it's much cheaper to park a few loudmouths behind a desk and have them fire off their opinions, with or without the facts. it's true that there are some smart, capable journalists in the national media, but if they're not given what they need to actually investigate, it's all for naught.


so? if you can't afford it, you can just steal? i'm $200 short for my rent on friday, should i be given free pass to mug people?


1000 is starting out, you go up or down when you lose


a social media based cult.      weve come full circle.


moms gonna freak


same. i like the mc command center and all of the mid century modern stuff but i wish i could find a good staircase mod. i'm dying for some circular staircases.


[URL]      youtube wale left wali chiz pure world me ghused rhe h


i mean crenshaw does have a glass eye under it.


just show me where to sign the petition! i'm an activist after all!


my boyfriend is chinese and i only have to say      # **yall really do have great noodles**


you can see your ass out the back door. i dont need my neighbors seeing you.


i'm jealous, i can't get out of this shithole for another year or two yet


mmmm yed mr spez your boots taste very nice today


they never claimed it did....


and this is why i find the word *y'all* so damn obnoxious.


this is a really interesting and healthy debate, actually. whom should we blame for the white supremacist economic policies and culture we have?      are super racist, kkk type people more numerous and powerful than we realized? or is it a natural side-effect of poorly regulated capitalism where existing imbalances in wealth distribution are perpetuated to benefit those in power?


well a "man" definitely isn't a man if he's under 5'5"


[USER]


at least pro life is accurate.


what the fuck


unfortunately for these dragon people, i don't think gemstones are graded based on how they satisfy hunger. who knows, maybe the rhinestones are much more filling, but nah it has to be diamonds because diamonds are to minerals what wolves and foxes are to kintype choices.


>same thing goes for power dynamics and grooming. these are problems independent of incest, and ones aren't inherent if you're talking about similarly aged cousins or siblings.      i don't see your point. both implications of this view sound correct to me. yes, it means incest is not wrong in and of itself, but only as a side-effect of being a power imbalance, and it means relatives who grew up sufficiently apart that they don't have a family power dynamic is morally fine. you seem to treat those like they count against this reasoning but i don't see why.


hey op, i know it's going to suck and probably not what you want to hear right now but keep your head up.       1) you need to cut any toxic person out of your life. this can include mom/dad/sister/brother etc. sometimes blood isn't thicker than water.       2) seek a professional for help. if you are in uni /cc most offer counseling or student services. contact the student office and ask for the resources available.       3) take care of yourself and be gentle on yourself. stressors like school along with anxiety and depression are a real thing.       i been in your shoes just recently i had to cut my family out completely after i opened up about my  suicidal thoughts / attempts. in addition my bipolar disorder. it's not worth your sanity. hope this helps you even a little, you not alone.       sorry for format i'm on mobile.


matt stonie can.


i'm so confused by the first post


dont spiders make webs from their genitals?


>dick      >straight      i think they will not be able to


my god i completely forgot that sybil's last name is basically 'piedish'


i see stereo love meme, i upvote.


then by that logic why have the subreddit? if the answer to all legal questions is "talk to a lawyer" that subreddit is pointless.


it's not really a decimal system, is more like versioning. so for example the first number is the version where there is a massive update/rework of most of the software, second number are new big features, like new biomes, mobs, dimensions, etc. and th elast number is more for small updates like changes in spawn rates, durability of items and things of that nature.


r/peoplefuckingdying and not to mention the entire sfw porn network all look nsfw by name.


call of duty modern warfare, this remirez meme is from modern warfare but i guess you didn't know, it's not you have to know the origin of the meme for using it


that doesn't even make sense, doing this puts us once more in direct competition with the russians and to keep up they have to use a solid chunk of their already strained budget on nukes.


hi carl


let me know when they actually find jussie or one of his friends buying it. til then, not appropriate for this sub. but thank you!


didn't have to take it to level 9, but i laughed.


apparently punching someone in the face is the same as telling a joke


i love rlm but they seem hypocritical here. they dunk on star wars fanboys because they don't like how star wars has changed and isn't the star wars of their youth. then in their star trek discovery videos, they chastise the show for not being like the star trek of their youth.


> and yes, they were fake bombs... he never intended to actually harm anyone.      not according to the fbi. bomb making is harder than you think.


what's the point of r/legaladvice if the only legal advice they are willing to give is "consult a real lawyer"?


   "in 1955, [one researcher] estimated the average yearly incidence of father-daughter incest in the u.s. to be 1-2 cases per million. by 1983, [another researcher] estimated the incidence to be over 1 million, so that by adulthood, approximately 20% of american women and 10% of american men have experienced some form of child sexual abuse. *for the issue of female child molesters, it is still 1955 rather than 2009. "*      theresa porter, "woman as molester; implications for society," 2015


imagine my shock.


you kidding? it's been coming for a while.      they want to pretend things are a one-dimensional spectrum of authoritarian-left to authoritarian-right since that's where both parties are right now.      libertarians break that false dichotomy, and we can't have that because it breaks their attempted monopoly on ideas that people agree with / are on cable news that isn't fox.


you're not exactly making "better" difficult.      (before you get out the flag, /[USER], there's no such thing as "better than barronwillsukme pride". it's just... not really worth writing home about.)


true. too much malice and political bullshit afflicts comedy these days. they cross the line from it being a satire to being just a soapbox preaching.


> those 400 hours you spent with the ex, no matter how enjoyable at the time, were spoiled when they cheated on you.       i don't agree. and i say that having been in that situation. the time i spent with her is not spoiled and i'm not gonna poison myself by thinking it is. i was happy, she was happy (for a time) and time well spent can't come back to hurt you.       i can't imagine why i'd rob myself of that time and those memories.


that 12 year old is gonna feel like a total badass from now tho " i killed some tweaker cunt with a fookin knoife" god damn


no, cars are bullshit so i don't drive them. i just shoulder check motherfuckers in the streets


she snapped a photo of the rope, which she believes was left as a message to african americans like her, in the area of the plant's paint shop. it reminded her of the day in 2015 she helped nab a pedophile,      what?!? how are those two things even remotely related unless you're trying to imply that white people=bad, black people=good.


i dont understand what you're trying to say. maybe use some grammar?


ye but not me


fuck your fonts.


they don't call themselves sinners for shipping same sex ships. they call themselves sinners for writing kinky smut about it. i've seen people do it with straight ships too. also the seme/uke thing is outdated in western fandom these days.


>  interpreted wrong by goras.      भज गोविंदम् भज गोविंदम्      गोविंदम् भज मूढ़मते।


sure, but not everywhere does. romanian guy i know found english weather very strange, said you could experience all four seasons in a day.


im going to say it.       i didn't like the cat.       i did like more nick!


jai aryavarta


i don't care too much about what things people get triggered over and complain about. it was the blatant hypocrisy in his statement i was calling him out on.


because it's an attention thing. it's why they flounced. but it's really weird because it's like, the sub is becoming exactly what they want. moderate voices are being banned.


if it makes you feel any better his mega evolution is in ou.


massive, mandatory gun buybacks, where the 1% make money by inflating gun values and then forcing the government to buy all guns at market value\*.


[USER]


except he wrote a lengthy report about exactly what he "has to say"


lmao i think literally throwing away and potentially killing your own child is shitty regardless of what time time period you're in.


> margins are kinda my thing, you're not going to win this.


that's still racism you ignorant fuck.


i'm sorry for what happened to you , and i'm sorry that the majority of people you told were douchebags. you were a kid, no one should have taken advantage of you. stick with your true friend and girlfriend. also maybe seek therapy if you believe it can help you. also never be ashamed of what happened to you, but also don't let your past ruin your future.


thats so last year


we live in a society


exactly. honestly that seems to be the vocal left now. (not everybody on the left). i used to consider myself leaning left on a lot of values now i would be embarrassed to lump myself in with some of the people on this website.


iirc, it's because dragons in my little pony eat gemstones. but even still, let us assume friendship was magic in your past life or what ever, your current container is human, you need human food. too bad for your astral whatever it is, you have human organs and human limbs that cannot digest gemstones.


shes wrong there are two ways to spell colour


> i don't watch the new stuff, but my understanding from others is that trevor noah tries really hard to play the "both sides" game to not particularly piss off one group of people.      why doesn't he cater to my specific opinion and feed me lies while making fun of people i disagree with? clearly there's no integrity in journalism anymore.


>you can't make it any more clear because you have a stupid opinion and are too ignorant to produce anything better.      *nice.*


we are the most educated civilizations in human history and yet the public discourse is the stupidest has ever been.       for example, our language has become much more violent, even if people are actually less violent. there was a time when communists and fascists used violent words and were actually violent. there were racists that did actually lynched people.      now a lot of people talk like them but they don't mean it. everything should be meant as a joke or as symbolic statement that should be interpreted according to a certain worldview. so everybody ends up getting angry and no problem is solved.


good bot.


who needs an email server when you have violations of campaign finance law.


bs in gender studies sounds about right.


i'm so sorry that this happened, op. i wish i could give you a hug but here's a virtual one instead. things will be okay. your feelings and thoughts are valid. i think someone in the comments mentioned speaking to a psychiatrist? that might really help.       and your parents were/are wrong. you don't have to have a reason for feeling or thinking a certain way.       please hang in there. we're here for you if you need to chat.


i always find the groups of people who rant how sexuality and all is beautiful and people shouldn't be shamed for it (which honestly agree with to a certain extent lol) but when these people have others disagreeing with them or being spiteful in their view they jump to this whole you're a virgin that's why you're this way!!! like does anyone else see the hypocrisy in it? i don't get how sex can be put on a positive pedestal but if someone doesn't feel comfortable to yet have sex it should be used as something to belittle them?


every show listed there is trash. especially it crowd and community.


i agree. i've written somewhat long, well-thought out replies to people to help them and then they just don't respond at all. like... okay man... hope it helped i guess?


why all caps tho


i use to travel to syria when i was younger and miss it. the people were really friendly and a great culture. a lot of the churches, monastery and historic sites i visited are now destroyed. nuns and priests killed by extremist. very sad and it angers me to see comments like this person pretending they care but know nothing about the situation or country.


a law that drastically expands the size and power of the government is evil...unless a democrat is president.


coq au vin with spaetzle might work.


it's not even a hangman's knot. overhand or bowline.


not quite the same, but if you haven't heard of it, hyrule warriors is a zelda game in the dynasty warriors style. it was pretty good and definitely scratches that same itch.


is the okama trans though? they claimed to be both. especially since the two examples you gave can change their sex freely.


if only a channel popped up debunking the guy trying to debunk others.


this guy needs to be a troll


>this gives me ptsd-style flashbacks of last year's april fools 'round these parts.         oh fuck i forgot this subreddit did that. lawd have mercy on all our heathen souls.          also it's been a year already? damn.


thank you, i'm sorry that happened to you. i'm working on it.


all that talk about olaf being "a star" and so popular....hoo boy, someone craves every little bit of attention they can wring out of that fucking dog lol, fuck daphne for not being so charmed by this obviously charming dog and owner


conversion therapy for straight guys now!


hahahahaha. your level is picking up


yeah, what the fuck does this mean


the game never considered fuel beforehand as anything other than a resource for producing vehicles.


in all fairness, people have spent their entire lives studying hemeopathic 'medicine' but after an hour i'm unflappably convinced it's bullshit.


> the reason the condo doesn't allow short-term airbnb rentals is because it's a building with a doorman and people pay a lot to live there so they know everyone in it is vetted/safe.      imagine being a student, saying you don't have a lot of money, but you live in a condo where you say people pay a lot.      smells like teenage privilege.


same boat. it's driving me nuts.


lime


good lord that hideous hair


*raises hand*


no, dig up, stupid.


i did my first real pull ups today and im really proud of myself


in 5 years this website will be just shallowbob's "original" content.


> [when] aoc, omar, and their ilk get airtime to broadcast their idiocy, it just makes that idiocy public, and pushes the right to get out and vote much more than they normally would. hell, even nana pelosi realizes this.      shit, everyone *but* progressives realizes this. they're all, "punch nazis, kill nazis, don't give nazis a platform", when they don't realize that forcefully silencing people makes others *sympathetic* to their cause, because it makes them look oppressed.      if people on the right shut down progressive events, assaulted progressives, killed them, got them doxxed, got them swatted, et cetera, people would be *incredibly* sympathetic to them because it would seem as though they did nothing wrong and are being unfairly silenced.      if people hear from the horse's mouth how dumb you are, that does more to turn people off of you than a thousand punches to the face. it seems like nobody on the left gets that.


i liked alita and cap marvel was boring but inoffensive.


money is a bougie concept.


it's a privilege to be a decent person now?


i would consider myself part of the sex-positivity camp, and yeah, mocking someone for being a virgin is just as pointless as mocking someone for being a slut. sex positivity is about supporting people's choices, whether that's lots of sex or none. plus like, young people shouldn't feel pressured to be sexually active before they're ready, and i strongly think that's part of sex positivity. and lastly, mocking someone because they can't get laid/haven't gotten laid is really dehumanizing, it's saying that they're not worthwhile based on their sex life. as a sex-positive person, i think you should call that stuff out when you see it.


happy and loved.


richard or karl?


[URL]      must've been in heaven that day.


yea. she also drop kicked me into my room a few times.      i'm pretty sure my poor memory is due to her as well as my depression and stuff.


if you ain't strapped, sell whatever and buy a gat. some dude named luke.


imagine being so *triggered* by even the word "men" that's you will not use it, when it's just a part of the polar opposite of the word "men"


tulsi?


/r/chapotraphouse is a hate sub.


happily essentially everyone and every faction on twitter, left, right and center collectively put aside their differences and told peta to shut the fuck up. irwin was a wonderful man who is loved and missed by 99 percent of people.


petersons daugther claims to on the diet and healthy. we all know that's bullshit though.


> he campaigned on a bus with the slogan "criminals on board"      [URL]


according to aita, if you are not absolutely sublicating to everyone around you at all times and aren't a complete doormat then you are just the biggest jerk ever.


cringe


idk, i tend to think that anyone who refers to women as "females" is kinda creepy because the only dudes who tend to do that are incels, redpillers, and mgtowers who want to dehumanize women because they hate them.  but that's just my personal experience talking.


happy cake day


is it just me or is the use of "y'all" by moral posturers getting more annoying by the day?


oh no!


[USER] please add details


did you even read the article?


then you're not cracking the right easter eggs!


i guess my wife and i have always been both? like we're pumped to watch adventure time or steven universe with the kids, and just the other night we all enjoyed the hell out of big hero 6 for the first time.      and then at night we watched call me by your name.      i mean, is it hard to do both? why would someone get judgmental about that?


it is different in the us. the distinction is mostly arbitrary.


til anxiety is a gender


maybe they all went to **[voat.co]([URL] people are.  with each new round of bans, more people upgrade to voat.


there's an ama thread where a male abuse victim is getting called anti-woman for expressing how hard it was getting anyone to believe he was abused by a family member.


didn't some complete imbecile post something to this effect on tumblr or twitter? - and now a new statesman writer picks it up and decides this is edgy journalism.  i find that men and women alike walk into me when i don't step aside. it's nothing to do with gender, it's just whether the person has respect for others - and in crowded city centres a lot of people don't. when someone sees someone walking straight at them they, they tend to think 'fuck you' and stand their ground.


this guy be like: "you activated my trap card"


i mean it kinda did, because it said some have *more* women than men, and showed fields in which there were still more men than women, so it seemed absurd.      that being said, a 46% women-to-men ratio amongst biologists? sounds about as equal you can get without using ussr methods of distributing edication and jobs.      edit: to clarify, it still doesn't show any male dominance as the op suggested, but it was edited in such a way that it presented a literal lie.


>saying something is retarded isn't insulting mental disabilities.      potential flair material?      i've seen people who are very insecure of their masculinity, but never ones who are so insecure about their *maturity*.      reminds me of 2011 days when a guy used to shit endlessly on (of all things) dora the explorer in order to "prove he was a grown up", on a forum i used to visit. everyone usually responded with "why are you even watching it now if you aren't a toddler?" which would trigger him even more.


i'm sick of ppl blaming their past on their shitty life choices


hello, sir, this is unrelated to your comment but i just want to say it is good to see a fellow long horse out in the wild.


and who is going to enforce that


jeez guy got some big votes on r/nba


my chest hurts, is this finally it?


mlk would be beaming with pride.


the original office is one of the best tv shows of all time.


r/piracy has already shifted its backup plans to raddle which is basically cth if they extracted the sub out onto its own reddit clone. the head mod there is friends with a raddle admin so i have less than zero sympathy if they get banned.


quint articles are regularly posted on r/india so hard to unsee the shit


it turns out breeding pokemon to eugenics standards and standing atop 5 boxes of genetic lottery losers is better than friends. while you were training your pikachu you ran into the best pokemon: a ghost that's a living sword and shield


unironically, op totally has a chance with the first girl now. make a girl jealous of another one and your chances skyrocket.


this needs to be a movie.


it is a good answer. still, judging by the number of upvotes, the moderators were not really prompt in doing their job.


deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3347  [^^^what ^^^is ^^^this?]([URL]


plus many chinese places serve western/americanized chinese food.


sure i have, but are you seriously trying to defend yourself by comparing yourself to me?


nope you don't get to have ranch you're doing this as a vegan remember? you get oil and vinegar.


well i got linked to the sub anyways so yeah...definitely brigading. these people have no fucking clue.


yang is actually so far left he makes bernie look like a libertarian. he wants a ubi and a government council to fine media outlets that say anything they deem misleading. they've gone so far off the rails bernie is no longer a fringe candidate


thank you.


imagine getting so offended for other people, that you attack people who eat food they like.


he died the way he lived, with animals in his heart


pro cyclical spending to own the libs


admins don't really have a leg to stand on since they banned the jailbait sub because "pedos might look at them in a sexualized way".


\>the terminated officers agreed to return the diverted funds over a period of time not to exceed ten years             soo, they're getting ~~an interest-free loan~~ pretty much a gift because after 10 years nobody will care anymore? i need to get into this racket.


as in the nigerian friends of jussie smollet..


last time i check guatamalans and hondurans aren't persecuted ethno-religious minorities in their country of origin and are facing extermination by their government.


i know this is irrelevant to the drama at hand but i do like that the guy who owns the deportation bus [got sent to prison on insurance fraud]([URL]


no u


the whole thing was so silly. as an april fool's joke, sure. go nuts. but to keep doing it for the purpose of raising awareness was a waste of time. they didn't reach anyone who didn't already agree with them, and they only confirmed the thoughts of those who disagree with them.      also, most people don't buy into the philosophy that racism requires social power dynamics to be defined.


but in this situation they're comparing spending $100 to make $200 versus spending $10 to make $100. so i get where he's coming from. it's not wrong to say the first option makes more profit, even though the margin is better on the second.


the children of /r/globaloffensive speculate over the reasons that adults have children


here is a list all the successful marxist societies:


i'm not personally a nationalist, but i think that abandoning nationalism while every other country continues to put themselves first is completely idiotic. but it's always been more about ideals and feelings than the actual real world with these people, just look at the gnd.


i like to eat my dog's testicles every day. i've been doing it for years.


not a single location exists in pakistan, afghanistan


the article is not to be believed, at least not the conclusion.


maa ki traf se h toh, aana hi tha.


for real so many people like to defend themselves when no-one asked. it's just these dumb bullshit exuses like "china is spying on me" while ignoring living in a 5 eyes country and using discord.


sad as fuck i feel like op just wanted to trigger the liberals


start drinking!


boo fucking hoo.


blue checks: sorry sweaty. heads i win, tails you lose.


scorched earth.


i'm confused. i'm from oklahoma, where all the jews at?


not as hard a time as if you were trying to lift her off the ground with it.


yeah but its free. free stuff is always good right?


you sad man


sungi police encouraging marriages based on caste, horoscope and gold


barr looks like what would happen if bannon were on queer eye


>but the scam is that the tax bill lowered the taxes for the wealthy elite and massive corporations in a much more skewed and beneficial way, effectively negating any benefit the lower and middle class would have seen had this bill been passed in good faith.      explain this to me without using the zero sum fallacy.


>yummy foods      >processed artificial disgusting garbage


this is some stale popcorn


sometimes demographics of people's will be naturally excluded from certain things and that's not inherently bad. "anti-human rights" causes are the opposite of what chick-fil-a are doing with their "human right" of the freedom to associate with they choose.


>i said i can book us a hotel room and we can spend the night together.      that's amore


and releasing on women's day.       and the  **her**o marketing.      and marvel pretending that no other female superhero exists.      and the onslaught of media articles preemptively blaming incels and gamergate for the "review bombs".


women can't deceive people though.


only good part was guy asking for source lol


i'm not a britbong but i will die for the honor of their sitcoms


and i just got banned from ca. wonderful


this is good b8 and i like u


a good example of this was thomas paine's *common sense*. in it, he absolutely destroys the very idea of monarchy and big government.


so you're okay with people getting arrested for eating on a train?


i guarantee no one believed that story, if it even existed.


he was pakistan's lawyer in the icj hearing


said post: [URL]      broken rule:   > please don't theorize about conspiracies here. we don't need to confuse things by introducing unverifiable conspiracy conjecture.      [USER] enforced a conspiracy theory (and tagged this post "speculative" until it died down, removing the tag afterwards) only because he believes respected newspapers(washington post and the guardian) are "fake news" or in his words "memetastic" with no evidence to prove so.


pretty sure this is satire


jailbreaking the simulation with george hotz


uhh who defying science now? 4chan creates memes then r/the_donald popularize them. when was the last fringe left meme that anyone cared about?


hey oxidadoguillermez! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * your post requires users to hunt for the drama.       you linked to too much content for users to find the drama easily.      please link directly to the comment thread containing the drama. if the comment you're linking to requires some context, add "?context=x" to the url, where "x" is the number of parent comments you want displayed. if there are multiple drama threads create a self-post containing the relevant links. please see [here]([URL] if you'd like more information            if you're unsure how to use context or to submit a write up, please check out our [wiki](/r/subredditdrama/wiki/ruleswiki_using_.3fcontext).            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


it was just a social experiment brah!


maybe it won't be so bad as you think.


i got out of the habit of using ree+ consciously in my posts since it's connected to pepe but now that you pointed out it's connected to autism i need to actively watch out for me using it anywhere unconsciously. god damn going on /mu/ for several years was a terrible idea


how is it not your fault?


find better games


go into a goldman-sachs boardroom and say you are a communist who loves trans folks, see what happens.


we must secure the existence of our species and a future for elephant children      -eldoph hitler


if you look at the handwriting, i'm leaning more toward "likely happened" more than "it's a hoax" here. the signature on the merchant copy has very close matches to the writing above it.       the other possibility is that the customer didn't sign the receipt at all and a race hustler filled it all in. imho, very unlikely that that happened and more likely to be a sentiment  that the customer poorly thought out (although i agree with the point outside this context).


ffs, nsfw please


in california it only seems to carry a negative connotation if you actually referring to someone with an actual disability. i don't think people actually think about where it comes from.


the joke looks like 2 to the 1 to the 1 to the 3.


there's hardly anyone on that though, so the discussions are pretty limited


yes. but that isnt offensive really. it doesnt offend victims of schoolshootings. but maybe you are ironic and im being wooooshed


i have almost posted that exact detail many times but figured it was too obvious. glad i avoided the drama.


jesus these days you cant joke about anything


people can have such a sick mentality.       i know some idols/celebrities who have raped or sexually harassed other women, and some their hardcore fans say shit like "i wish he did that to me instead!", "that girl should be happy she got raped", "why is she complaining? doesn't she know who he is?"      disgusting, really.


this ignorant person clearly has no knowledge about syria. little hint they are multi-ethic/religious country.


i take my downvotes with pride shill


did you kink shame them?


have they never heard this man talk about pho before? he talks about vietnamese street food like people talk about their spouses; if anyone is actually going to do it right its gordon


my strange addictions volume: wtf


doesn't address the point, just tries to "shoo-shoo" me away and assume you know what i do for work. amazing argument.


remember to always surround yourself in tragedy or be called a bigot


why is it considered a novella if it's 2000 pages or whatever?


idk, if they are then i'll continue calling you a child until you buy a one bedroom apartment for 1.4 millions dollars.


if not it should be


i was seeking mental refuge in these comments. on this day, though we are confused, we are also together.


well, technically, some people don't consider it a science, because it doesn't use the scientific method. it's more of an extension of logic. science never proves anything, while math does it all the time.


yep. 12 hour shifts


huh, that's weird. what's the situation with her, who do a lot of people not like her? is she good or bad ect.


literally devolved into      "waaah i can't post in shitty memesub waaaah"


a website that tracks fake hate crimes fakehatecrimes.org


thought it might be the case. that's good to hear.


now say this with blacks or women


are you trying to tell me to read wholesome content to cure myself if this disease? cause that's pretty nice if you.


but they always had those. just put a normal door and cubicles behind it, and any sim will use them regardless of gender.


nature doesn't care about you. be grateful for technology and the modern world.


love is love


care to explain why?  or would you rather just stand on your soapbox?


mods lock this thread. question's been answered.


oversimplified has a video on it that is super super cliffnotes but sorta gives a rough overview of the time period, mostly focused on the territorial clashes: [URL]      edit: important stuff about territory conflict begins around 9:30


hopefully this post is tame enough for the reddit gods to ignore...


everyone from r/duggarssnark is turning up to explain. loudly.


comments like this make it clear that i know fuck all about pokemon.


i mean i'm literally listening to welcome to the black parade right now. so point to you, i guess.      but i'm too old to fight my isolation and misery. there's no 'improvement'. if i 'improve' myself i'm still gonna be mortal and suffer. the only 'improvement ' would be making people immortal.


>i work my hands to the boe so my kids don't have to      and then lefties will say your kids don't deserve it because they were born into wealth and didn't earn it. so frustrating too when have a discussion with them.


yea i just submitted a thread to it, refreshed page and boom its closed. wth :(


its the circle of liiiifeeeee


well if you're already insecure..


mimikyu > pikachu anyways      pikachu is basic af


another interesting scenario they avoided was lion, baby, bunny.


yes...focusing on poverty would help most minorities more than white people. so focusing on poverty could be a solution to inequity that would not codify laws based on race. but they want there to be laws based on race, and the fact that people won't do that is upsetting to the author of the article.


oh pregnancy is dangerous?  so that means there is no excuse to practice safe or even abstain from sex right?  any responsible adult would mitigate any risk that may ruin his or her life right?


hard kaur had some good music but she has completely lost it


this so much. half the people i've talked to about my own mental health have just gone "oh that's _nothing_" and started rattling off everything they've diagnosed themselves with. like first off, mental health (or lack thereof) isn't a competition. second, i do want to hear and understand what you're feeling, but if somebody tries to open up to you about their own issues, please for the love of god refrain from making it about yourself for like two seconds.      i think the competitive nature we approach everything with is a big part of why people my age (millennials) seem to latch onto their mental health issues as an identity of sorts.


hello reddit, i hope everyone is having a good night. i just got home after a 30 min wait for a 10 min train. i just feel like utter shit right now. you see, i was at a party with friends- a lot of them. i think around 20-30 of my closest friends were there. we were all having fun but it's been a really long day, and i got really fucking tired. i sat down for a bit but people kept glancing at me, and i felt terrible. i developed a headache around that time as well. i just feel bad because i know there's no good ending for me. if people noticed me feeling bad, i felt bad for being a killjoy. if people didn't notice, i would feel like i don't matter.             i've been struggling with some problems recently. lots of stress from my job, lots of stuff coming up soon. i just don't feel secure anymore. how could i not have fun in a room with my closest friends? in the moment, i literally did not feel like i cared about anything. their singing, their dancing, their everything just irritated me. i have not been diagnosed with any mental illness and i only feel a drive to just get back to work now. i just don't know what to do with my life anymore. thank you to anyone who read the whole thing. i hope you guys have a good night.


the only way you're going to get most people to contribute to the wellbeing of some toothless, obese, wife-beating, pill-popping fuck in appalachia is to take it from us by force. there's no way to "live as a collective" with someone hundreds of miles away who you've never met and would find objectively revolting if you did. collectivism is a meme that requires local proximity, cultural similarity, and a disproportionate amount of small-scale bullshit politics. if you don't currently have or want to have any of those, it's not remotely feasible. "muh corporashuns" are trying to sell you some sort of constructed ideal to embody, but that doesn't mean you can just assert group identity to 300m+ people and expect them to all love and support one another out of the goodness of their hearts.


just sayin but them chinese resturaunt owners love money and most of them dont give a fuck who they are serving. dont get woke or you will go broke


he's obviously making a joke at the expense of trump's muslim ban... how is this sub not immediately getting the connection?


all rapists should be executed. this does nothing to change my mind.


criticize the artist and accuse them of whitewashing, cute


do you think saluting the flag, traditional families, any of that culture war stuff really threatens the rich either? or maybe they'd like to import lots of cheap labor but if they can't then they'll carry on building factories in poor countries like they're already doing anyway. its the opposite, the right wing culture war shit is t the useful distraction


we all know how kiwi looks on the inside...      let's check with a knife.


i've never seen a single comment locked on its own before.      it deserved it too.


there's more black than meme. cropping is hard


tw: cis people... i feel so scary now


>regardless of the truth of this accusation against them, they should know that their election will tarnish the respect for that office, and concede.      and now you know why democrats are desperately trying to make biden and his creepiness accusations go away. they don't want anyone to even look at him as being associated with the democratic party, because they are trying to find who will be their best contender against oranmg man, and if people realize that biden is a democrat, that will piss people off.


this is the song that never ends, yes it goes on and on my friend...


it was fantastic until srs' archangelles started assuming leadership of the place. i moved to r_drama for a bit but it just wasn't the same.


my favorite things in part 5 definitely have to be the jobros and jofoes, giorno is meh. part 4 isn't the best, but it's still good.


>while this poster doesn't really get very deep on why they're an anti-natalist, these types of objections have been addressed by antinatalists.      i'm sure they did. again, the argument is hardly some great insight. there's bound to be counter and counter counter arguments regarding the validity of the point. but having addressed it is different from saying you've never heard a logical argument.  


you didn't get banned for calling me out.  you got banned for using vulgar language to do so.  take responsibility for your own choices.  have a wonderful day.


even tolkien realized later in life that his handling of races in lotr was not good and revealed some biases that he was uncomfortable with.


absolutely seek out some therapy asap! sorry this happened to you.


please don't make cringey songs or poems.


i don't believe you...


nationalize reddit


that's why they split them into metas like ubers (god tier), ou (overused), uu (underused), ru (rarely used), nu (never used), and even lc (little cup, for those pre evolved forms). if you're playing a game that's not hacked for boosted difficulty honestly any pokemon should do fine for a play through


no it won't. the favoritism on this site is obscene. they've done stuff that would have any right wing sub banned very very regularly but they never face any consequences. it's insane to me how the mod team can't see how violent and unhinged the userbase is over there. politics or not that shit should be shut down purely based on how volatile and crazy they are.


hey at least a girl touched your pee pee


even his shit excuse backpedaling is still racist lol. favoritism towards a race is just as bad as hatred.      all racists know how to do is be racist.


lmao tumblr only cares about what's 'canon' when it supports what they want/don't want.


the study cut off before it got good.  it looks like they observed some variation between studies, did some magic math, and jumped to their conclusion.  still, it doesn't matter.  the gender differences are true for the us and other countries.  it might not be universally consistent, but that is just variations in the human species.          in addition, that was just one of several factors i mentioned.  even in strange places where women populate the extreme against reason, becoming a doctors still takes up 75% of a woman's fertile years.


maybe it was because he hit his head when he got thrown as a baby.


id say theyre pretty fiscally liberal.   it seems as though most of their token fiscally conservative policies are kneejerk reactions to a democrats slightly more fiscally liberals policies.


sure they do. merkur is still very much in business, among others. and there are plenty of blade manufacturers as well.


you don't get to snoozepost.      you both embarrassed yourselves.


i haven't played competitively since gen4, and that was a pretty fun time as long as you managed to avoid garchomp. nowadays i just play because i think they're neat and enjoy how relaxed the game makes me feel.


truly a patrician


if you think this is bad try posting a pic on imgur and see what happens.


yeah i dont like fruit in my salad either


that's because the whole issue was ridiculous.


tbh i don't even know what half these words mean. like is it an exclusive club?


'the rightist cries out even as they strike you' - polish proverb


i recommend self driven study. teach yourself something. i use philosophy science epistemology and psycology. im if thats not really your style id try martial arts self taught or not. wood working can be stimulating or even stone/hardscape.      i also hear working out helps a lot.


/[USER] i have an amazing business idea, want to invest? i let you in on the ground floor.       here's the pitch: emerging markets. vertical integration. paperless. synergy. silicon valley. solar panels.       just 3 mil and we can crank this shit out in no time! one thing, i only accept bitcoin and make frequent trips to brazil. i'll send you over a headshot of me in a suit if you're interested.


as a syrian i fucking hate these posts they're cringy af


do you ever read a thread and think to yourself "why the fuck did they write all that and why the fuck did i read it?"


i didn't know about the sub here on reddit but i used to read freejinger a few years ago and figured it played into things somehow. for the record i didn't even go there for dirt on the duggars, i was never interested in them, there were some other fundies i was keeping track of.


tumblr just has a way of completely destroying everything anyone loves.


i think it's funny they think we're scared of her.      


no way that's a serious post....


some hot concert tickets cause a heated debate about dating and rejection in /r/amitheassjole


hey look over there!      \- you


he actually cared a great deal about how rule was conducted, but you are correct that he was not a politician (although his very existence was highly political).             it would actually be a great debate as to who jesus would endorse. given that he was a reformist since gop are in power, one could even argue he would be a member of the tea party!


ohhh. yeah i thought you might be blaming communism for hitler. good show


i am not into  football. so tell me,  is it a really big deal ?  defeating thailand ?


but mothers kill their kids...


meh, most feminists arent insane and the ones like this usually huddle in the corner and dont make eye contact with anyone while saving their rage for when they are safely behind a screen.


i bring you all salvation! slurs are back on the menu boys


last i checked part of jesus's teachings were:      *you shall not steal or murder!*


that can be arranged lekin for vo nervous se agitate ho jayenge


these sites are full of people with major issues armchair diagnosing semi-public internet figures. not to say that i'm above it all, pretty sure i wouldn't love rubbernecking drama if i didn't have a fuckton of issues but they are at a whole higher plane of concern trolling.


this is what we call a "racist" please do your best to inform these people of their bigotry. warning, they will deny being racist and probably try to tell you you're actually racist.


pretty sure they are the ones who create hate trend and spread them


gordon ramsey: *opens a "european" restaurant*      everyone: wow, what a great idea! now i can eat speckpfannkuchen and nyanya in the same meal!


after twenty-one years, i'm swearing off masturbation. i've had enough of its dominance over my life. here's my story.


>cao cao was probably the smartest of the bunch historically of the main characters in rotk      三个臭皮匠, 胜过一个诸葛亮, sāngè chòu píjiang, shèngguo yīgè zhūgě liàng. three smelly tanners surpass one zhuge liang. or rather, a mediocre group working together will outgun a lone genius every time. everyone getting down on liu bei or the suns for not getting out there and frontlining it later in the novel failed business management.


you sure about that?  i've been shadow banned a few times and it was definitely not because of an admin.  posts still showed up fine for me.  i could browse and comment.  nobody else could see anything i did in that sub.  talked to the mods and they were able to fix it.  if it were just automod i think i'd see the posts being removed wouldn't i?


because those people haven't been attacked for it as frequently. women who ship slash have historically been mocked for being delusional and ruining the fandom for as long as internet fandom has been a thing and nowadays antis on tumblr have been hypocritically declaring anyone who ships a ship they don't approve of homophobic for "fetishizing mlm" and trying to turn fujoshi, which yeah does literally translate to "rotten girl" but is supposed to be slang for anyone who ships m/m pairings, into a word for "any m/m shipper who ships 'problematic' ships." the people in this post are just trying to fight back against that.


you're harassing me in dms fam


these guys have no idea how deep the rabbit hole of right wing politics goes. this is even assuming that free-market capitalism is some sort of "right-wing" economy. it's not. we're not dealing with serf based plantations here, so chill out. you only have to look back at the economic models before wwi to see just how different a truly right wing economy would be (at least in the sense of socialism being a left wing economy. nobody (or very few) right wing people advocate these policies)


>plus they'll just hang on jokes for literally years. apparently the right has no concept of dead meme. some alt-light dude i unfortunately know made an "i sexually identify as a helicopter" joke irl. like, wtf, get new material. or don't because it'll still be shit.         old joke, yeah, but still super relevant.


i mean it is weird that men don't move out of the  way. everyone should move.


do you really think they could get swatted? reddit, despite a lot of the crazy shit, doesn't seem like the place where people would do swatting attempts, unless somebody who uses 4chan decides to share it there


depp would win.


ah, kiddo


transgender activist accused of burning down own home, killing 5 pets in hate hoax crime


ah bitching about mtx. very recent, but an instant classic, i'd say


even with the commenters disagreeing, i'd personally recommend deleting that post. of course you can do whatever you like as mod. just an example: i initially subbed there until i saw that josh post and then immediately unsubbed.      if your point is to *not* allow abuse apologism, then the post is doing you no favours — because visiting that sub and seeing that on the main feed gave me the complete opposite vibe and i left.      just a personal take, do with it whatever you like. could be just me. ‍♀️


yeah she's definitely a bit nuts.   it's good that you're recognising it now and i hope things start improving for you (and your mum too, if possible).


its interesting.


i agree and people here are getting so easily offended and serious posting abounds. allah has left us.


ah, that explains it then.


jesus that's quite a colorful list


this whole post is a trainwreck


i think this is it      [URL]


this is the third day of a very severe suicidal wave. im used to these days every once in a while but 3 days is very weird for me. i'm going to the therapist today but i doubt it will help. i can't tell my best friend because i have a tendency to respond to good news with my own personal sadness, and my best friend has been so happy lately with a potential new relationship that i don't feel right saying what's going on, because i don't want to rob my friend of my friend's happiness and i don't want to play victim and make the conversation about me again. so i'm just staying silent. to make it worse, none of my friends are around to help me, either living in other cities or being on vacation or bad with/unable to handle my situation. i doubt the therapist can really do much to help either, since we only have an hour together anyway. i hate being alive.


tumblrion used flail!       nothing happened!


so, we all agree that /r/entitledparents is fanfic right?      it's on par with the stories in /r/thathappened.      it so glaringly obvious that it's all made up bullshit.


that's his mo


280, twice as many as before.


combined


that makes way too much sense. i once ate at an authentic chinese resauraunt and had a dish that literally smelled like the inside of a portajohn. it did have an interesting texture though.


if this person tweets about all that shit but doesn't mention police violence, they want police to kill people.      and because that sentence didn't mention slavery, i'm pro-slavery.      and it goes on.


cosplayintelpro


why have you strung up diwali lights early this year?


> all the criticism about epic is right.       example


amber alert   please step into the safe space


poor people don't pay income taxes so they can't get a tax cut.


no, it's gb. i remember the post .


would it still be racist if i said i liked the food


nike at least made it an add campaign if home depot ran an explicitly pro trump add i could understand      not that i care about the kapernick nonsense its just annoying when i wanna watch a game.


r/thebachelor lmao


what about the human trait of greed? that always seems to be missing in these collectivist utopian fantasies. i care about the group because certain aspects of the group directly benefit me. i don't care if you get a raise because i'm busy trying to get one for myself


had a similar encounter on xbox live.      i was playing sea of thieves when after and hour of playing a teammate dumped all of our treasure overboard and detonated some gunpowder, sinking the ship. i was all 'what are you doing?!" over voip, and then after we kicked him from the group i got a message saying:      "hahahaha you should have heard yourself cuck. better luck next time faggot".      i replied with: "twat", yet i am the one who earned a 48 hour ban, and a mark on my live account.


very


that's hilarious


the way it works (as far as i know) is all the tipping compensation goes to the top mod who then decides how it's doled out. reddit doesn't automatically distribute it across the mods.


i was demodded because i chose to leave. you know why you were banned cbpalmer. that's all i 'll say.  i wish you well.  also, your ban is for three weeks, not forever.  note that \*i\* never attacked you, your state of mind, or your character.  i'm sorry you chose to handle it differently and i wish you well.


these people are actually fear mongering while they call trump a fear monger. they are trying to convince as much people as possible that **literal nazi shit is going to happen**


truly a god among us.      honk honk


just do it with bicycles.


yup       if you haven't finished your degree yet, i recommend you remove it. college admins are like isi. unnecessary trouble.


i played romance of the three kingdoms iii on genesis for dozens of hours as a kid, ama


so don't steal chihuahuas off of little girl's porches and euthanize them.


emphasis on *by their logic*, for any people reading that don't participate in this community.      (responding to a report)


there is nothing wrong with being a virgin. please don't let people get to you about it. i'm not one to say it's sacred and needs to be saved, but it's your body, your business. i had some friends in high school joke that i would die a virgin and i'd ask why they were so interested in my sexuality. they usually would shut up after that.


but he white tho


did you just reply to your own post?


youtube algorithm is based on personal searches the more u search & watch a, particular genre the more it shows in trend tab...even i have seen muslim religious vids on my trending list after i have seen few muslim propaganda videos of various countries.


a little known indie developed like cdpr needs all the publicity it can get


hahaha get it we call dogs doggo!111!!11111!


i can think of maybe 3 reasons someone might say that      1. they're a troll with no life so they put others down to make themselves feel better.      2. they're 12 years old and they're insecure.      3. they are a crappy person who has no friends and to try to make themselves feel better, they put people down.      this is coming from someone who is trying and often failing to lose weight i know it's not easy. any amount of weight loss is a victory and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.


which is based. there's a bunch of people driving around (in sedans, priuses usually) with "refugees welcome" bumper stickers and the l in welcome is the shape of idaho. that's woke.


i laugh every time some idiot tries to discredit mccabe. he's one of the most respected people in the entire intelligence world and in the public eye


he'd take one look at san francisco and call in a tactical fire and brimstone strike.      he'd do an ama on reddit and be dumped on for not caring enough about climate change and being pro life.


how do i type them out in the first place?


that's the crazy thing.  i bet this tumblrina would call them a "xenophobe" if they stated they didn't like chinese food.


i resisted getting diagnosed for years, because my experience of asc was usually someone trying to excuse ahoti syndrome.


i don't even understand what that means. borders exist because travel was expensive?


green beret moonlighting as a flight paramedic instructor.


oswalt's wife was the honored recipient of a lifetime supply of murder.


anon lets it all out


this is what it smells like. when someone knocks over a bucket of stupid.


what? since when did you ever need a social movement to feel comfortable with being straight in public.


do it f-slur or i self cleanse-mode myself.


tits made those comments while blackout drunk tho, so he's the real victim in my opinion.


would this be considered black privilege?


> youtube algorithm is based on personal searches       i doubt, they literally censored opindia video and even deleted it after it started trending


you are 21. you are still at pretty much the peak of your naturally occurring testosterone.            if you workout and watch your diet for four months, you'll see changes.            google "body for life".


>i can afford ten of these      ah, so it's gideon graves with the hot takes, got it


the big issue is that it's sold *exclusively* in another online store.      to gain a foothold in the pc gaming market, the epic games store has bought a (temporary) monopoly on some games from developer or publishers.        it's console wars all over again, except it's between different launchers.      on a more personal footnote: the only advantage of the epic game store is devs get more money, steam just offers way more advantage (steamworks, in-game chat, etc), consumer and dev wise. the kickback is also from player discovering developers also want more money, consumers be damned.   


nothing the pictures say excludes trans men, though. both the person in the screenshot and teen vogue are making the exact same statement, and the person in the screenshot somehow doesn't get that. "not all people who have periods are women" and "women are not the only ones who menstruate" are just slightly different ways of wording the exact same sentence.


true. but from a logical view, a virgin is incompetent to attract a mate which is why they are a virgin. obviously, priest,asexuals, and voluntarily celibate individuals wouldn't care. but it is a viable insult, although not very effective. nonetheless, i respect your standpoint. no comment on it though.


the difference is the trump people aren't hateful, they make jokes most of the time and srs people seem to take things seriously


i get why people get a little confused though. you see bigger numbers so your brain says that means it's more, except you forgot determine gross vs. net. and even the difference between gross profit and profit margin. learning this is not a requirement in american schools. i actually wonder if that's intentional too because it means poor people have less of an understanding of just how badly they're being screwed and underpaid.


me in school


>us experiences a fraction of discrimination that the community in chechnya and other third world countries do.             see, the pollution in india is far worse than it is in your country, so i want you to stop focusing on pollution. after all, india has it far worse.            


what's funny is the system counts votes by putting the vote in caps. so a lot of the time i will see something exactly like this but it goes something like "with what you wrote nta but i don't think we have the full story so i think if we had that yta" that way they say they aren't the asshole but their vote counts as being the asshole.


i spent quite a few years in chicago. the one thing you'll learn quickly is cpd is equally oppressive on all given the situation. my best advice if you're ever there and confronted is to not test their patience. i've seen them go out of the way to help more than once.


for the most part i try not to take people's inability to do basic analysis personally. like the people joking about english teachers reaching for meanings/symbols are probably in primary education themselves.      i mean english teachers usually choose books with heavy use of symbols to *teach* symbolism. most students are just too dense to get it until they are lead by the hand.       it might also explain why so many people on reddit don't get the concept of dog-whistles. the idea that words or symbols can mean more than what's written or seen is something they simply don't have the education to grasp.


you should come to a party with a bunch of graduate engineering students. half the bickering is over who has the hardest path.       it's all dumb. you show up, work hard, and make the world a better place. that's it.       and then make fun of the philosophy students because even in their phd program they sit around and drink franzia while acting like they're better than you.


someone has their knickers in a twist


my understanding was that people were actually moderately excited to learn more about magne.      sadly magne ended up being only half the character she could have been.


serves our purpose. means to end bhrata, means to an end


poor baby didnt get his dopamine release from the orange button


why the fuck does anyone have to get so asspained? imho you only need to point to how congress handled the questioning of google's ceo and the zucc and then ask "how much do you think these people know about videogames and do you want them legislating them?"


if you're offering advice to people just to get recognition that you're doing a good deed, you're in the wrong. they have no obligation to respond to you, whether it's a simple thank you or something more in depth. leaving a well thought out response on a serious topic is a thankless act. you should be doing it purely out of consideration for op.      should we get pissed at you for not responding to all of our comments on your post [USER]?... ^((noooooooooo))


what is shutting water off referring to?


yeah living in atlanta it's as integrated as anywhere in the country


the promise of the internet: no matter who you are, there's a community of people like you out there, where you can find like-minded conversation and support.      the problem of the internet: this still applies if who you are is a dipshit.


the irony is that the linguist murdered someone with words.


i expect that he is going to be sent to a place that an ex-warden described as "a cleaner version of hell".  [united states penitentiary, administrative maximum facility]([URL] (usp florence admax) (adx florence).      it is where the us government sends those that have truly pissed it off.  be sure to check out the 'guest list' on the wiki page.


sounds like you are projecting your insecurities on the subject itself? who cares if you do or don't have sex? just enjoy yourself, i assume you have hobbies and interests.


such a mess. did you see the new new sub? r/snarkofduggarsnark, that was made today and then deleted? ‍♀️


engineering student struggling with school and life (x-post r/offmychest)


it's not my favourite, but i'd put it 3rd/4th depending on how i was feeling - the first two are hard to beat for me.


seems more like r/offensivememes


because the "tribe" has been destroyed over the past generation.


don't even need to click to know that it was the king of the hill joke.


because it is disingenuous to call it pro-abortion, nobody is pro-abortion. abortions should be safe, legal, and rare. please ignore the fact that this sentiment massively undermines my own justification for legal abortion, because it implies that it is a difficult decision, which wouldn't be the case if a fetus isn't a living human.


eh, for khaleesi, i can somewhat understand, i named my son after a batman character though we only took the first name ;p (harvey)


yes +1 movt on each time and 99% spy security      if confused visit r/civ5


based


i wish my cousins would stop posting photos of their cottage on instagram


you're more of a hero than hogg is.


we love debt, dont we folks?


r/writingprompts is the only one where the stories are real.


this is what they meant when they talked about russian bots.


the comment thread here is a rollercoaster. i feel like i need a nap.


bohot achha song.


there is hinglaj mata in balochistan which hindus in pakistan still make a pilgrimage to. although the major sites like takshashila(taxila) and the sun temple of multan are long gone.


*solidus snake


this kids is what mental illness looks like. the parents should've hired a mental doctor


yeah it really stopped being funny the more he kept engaging with everyone. i'm glad the thread got locked because it was getting really toxic. he's a racist dickbag but i don't want anybody to kill themselves due to bullying.


christ, what an asshole.


mms wanted legacy, money and deification like gandhis.       and in a certain way he did. everyone praises him for 1991 reforms but if asked what he did no one can answer you that. pvr was completely sidelined and he was made the poster boy of new india.


hey are you trying to go after his widow? i only approve of that if he's a troop.


interesting... apparently one of the brothers talked to jussie by phone from the "vicinity" of the attack and just before it happened. no wonder he didn't want to give up his phone to the police.


add him to the list


i posted vices latest documentary on the reeducation camps in china on a subreddit whose description reads " r/sino is for news, information, and discussion on anything china and chinese related. read the rules before posting. some submissions may need manual approval.", the  [documentary]([URL] itself is some high quality shit and very very unsettling to watch but i nevertheless recommend everyone here to watch it. anyways, i got banned, and muted for 72 hours.             fuck r/sino


i don't recall ever being offended here.


interesting faces when you go to [URL] and search "murder" or "robbery"


i didn't even like him during my edgy atheist phase, kinda expected him to lose relevance eventually.


on that line, that "asian" has as many varieties that are distinct as "european" does. mongolian food is not chinese food is not japanese food is not thai food. there are some similarities due to the part of the world and available food staples, but they diverge widely in taste, content, and presentation.             


a little story time. who's up for some context?!      this started a few years ago, when i was big into writing fanfic - something i'm trying to get myself back into eventually. i write for a fairly niche fandom; it's not *small,* but it's also not terribly active these days, either. i'd made a few acquaintances through it, either way.      one of these was a woman roughly my age - let's call her "jill." we kind of hit it off, being active and discussing the series on one of the message boards; we liked and left feedback on each others' stories, chatted a bit in private. we bonded over personal stuff, a bit, too. and for the curious, this was a platonic thing - i'm a gay guy, she's a straight(?) married woman.      anyway, we wind up being friends on facebook, and i think that may be where the trouble started.      thing is... i know what it's like to *be* clingy. i've had to deal with the fallout from it in the past, and it's something i've really tried to work on, something i get very self-conscious about whenever i make a new friend. in the past, i've had friends who would say nothing about it until they reached a breaking point, and then they'd be pretty harsh about it when the dam finally broke.      the point of this is that... jill was quite clingy herself. it came about pretty quickly after a certain point. like, within less than half a year of our knowing each other.      she knew my working hours, but she'd constantly message me to talk when she knew i'd be sleeping, or getting ready to go to work, or *at* work. or when she knew i was trying to take time to myself to do something else - gaming, writing, whatever. sometimes i'd talk a bit, or tell her i'd talk to her later when i had a chance (like if i needed to get ready for work, or bed, or something). if we went more than a few days without talking too much, regardless of the reason, she'd kind of guilt trip me over it. "i missed talking to you," "it feels like it's been so long since we talked," et cetera... mind that it was generally maybe 3 or 4 days at most between conversations. she'd also get down on herself, and i can't tell if she was being manipulative or what. "i know i'm probably boring/annoying/not much fun to talk to. i'm a wreck." things like that. i don't know how to respond to stuff like that other than just "no you're not" or whatever. i'm not good with that stuff. she knew that.      i did try to be tactful and point out to jill - more than once - that while i enjoyed talking to her, hey, i had to sleep, or work, or get ready for work, and i had other stuff i needed to get done. i didn't want to outright *say* "you know i have a life outside of you, right?", but then again... maybe i should've?      either way, she kinda ramped it up. asking for my address so she could send me stuff i'd mentioned offhand (i mentioned in a facebook post that i was gonna save up to buy a keyboard, she offered to send me one if i'd give her my address - and it was at a point where i wasn't comfortable with the idea). trying to find new excuses to strike up conversation ("i had a dream that something terrible happened to you, so message me when you get this, because i get freaked out over stuff like that") even though we'd spoken only a day or two ago.      eventually, i got tired of jill not getting it, and got so uncomfortable with her and her clinginess persisting despite my stated discomfort with it, that i ghosted her. blocked her on [fanfiction.net]([URL] blocked her on facebook, on my phone. i was getting really stressed out from dealing with her. and maybe i should've been more sympathetic, because i'd been her before. i'd been that person whose co-dependent nature pushed people away. but even seeing a notification from her stressed me out majorly. she seemed to want me to be her therapist (never mind i have a ton of my own issues to deal with), to be on-call for her when she was lonely (never mind that she has a husband she seems to love deeply and was always praising him), and so on.      apparently, after i ghosted her, jill took it pretty hard for a while.      thing is... this was over a year ago. you'd think she'd have maybe moved on a little since then, yeah? she has other friends, as far as i know, that she really gets along with well, too. she seems more social.      except, last week, another writer we were both friends with (i'll call her "claire") pmed me on [fanfiction.net]([URL] mostly to say hi, let me know a new game was coming out in the series that we all wrote for, that she was excited and all that. we weren't all that close, but she'd message me periodically to chat. i respond, say "hey, claire, i'm excited too, sorry i've been so quiet lately but i had a lot to deal with recently, hope to get back to writing soon."      she responds, says she hopes so too, and also, "hey, why don't you drop jill a line? she's really missed you this past year."      so, apparently, jill still doesn't get that i'm not comfortable talking to her, and despite my pointing it out multiple times, she doesn't get that i wanted space and boundaries and stopped talking to her because she didn't respect those. so, now i'm anxious again, even though i don't have to interact with her if i don't want to. i just wish she'd move on and stop clinging to me. i have no idea *why* she even clung to me to begin with. it's just irritating.      tl;dr: extremely clingy and codependent friend drove me off because she didn't respect that i needed space, and she's still clinging to me over a year after we stopped talking.


[URL]      seems like gallowboob should read this.      he never discloses afaik. so let's report him to the ftc:      [URL]      here is a general guide for reporting social media non-dislosure of sponsorship:      click on "internet services, online shopping, or computers      click on "internet services"      click on "social networking services" if focusing on twitter violations, otherwise click on "other website issues"      enter the author's information if focusing on a specific author      fill out gallowboob's information


a report says that this person is 17- is that true? removed this post just in case


aoc would call these people "those unwilling to work" that need to be taken care of.


how to get hated and ridiculed by everyone in a single tweet!


> probably definitely      smfh


i guess i could have been more clear in my original post. i'm not talking about commenting on a hot topic post. if i see a post that's an hour or two old with no legs and no responses, those are the ones i try to focus on since that person has not gotten any answers to their questions, or empathy, or advice.


i work with them, some days are busier than others, but is the only crisis hotline that is safe for trans people, other suicide hotlines call the police without permission, which often leads to worse situations for the caller.


naah. he will be trolled and rekt after the elections when bjp will win. just taking precautions to avoid that.


wait the yellow wallpaper doesn't just symbolize poor design choices?!


if you use that font on your phone you deserve to die.


chesterfield county, va. (wric) — a chesterfield family spoke with 8news friday after fending off a naked intruder who broke into their home on south twilight lane the night before. the intruder claimed to be the devil and attacked the family, prompting the homeowner to fire 39 rounds.      the incident was a traumatic experience for the lewis family's first night in their brand new home.         "she was in to kill us," melissa lewis said. "that was her almighty, to kill us. she attacked us and i held her down just kept on punching her and punching her as hard as i possibly could."      the lewis' dream home now looks like a war zone, with blood soaked into the carpet, the walls and windows riddled with bullets and shell casings scattered all over.      "i said 'who are you?" lewis' husband, who did not wish to go on camera, explained. "she said 'i need your help, please help me.' i said 'get out of my house,' and she goes 'i'm the devil.'"         the homeowner says the woman, who had a blue ponytail, broke into the basement around 10:30 p.m. on july 4. the family said she was laughing menacingly and refused to leave.      "she looked possessed, her eyes were completely black, like saucers, and she was laughing like it was a joke," lewis's husband told 8news.      fearing for his life, the father of three grabbed his pistol and gave a verbal warning to the woman. with his family sleeping upstairs, he opened fire hoping to scare her off. none of the shots struck the suspect.      lewis said the woman aggressively charged at him with superhuman strength.      "she was not stopping," he said. "she had the strength of four grown men."      when he ran out of bullets, lewis began throwing furniture at her. his wife and children eventually jumped in and attempted to stop the woman. the intruder didn't stop until one of the children, the lewis' 12-year-old son logan, shoved a wrench into her neck.         police arrested the intruder and she is being treated and evaluated at the hospital. the lewis family left with bruises and bite marks.      "i'm scared to go in there, i won't even go into any room by myself, i'm terrified," m. lewis said.      detectives told the family that the suspect lives nearby and will eventually be charged robbery, breaking and entering and attempted murder. she is currently in the icu with severe head trauma.


hey cantbecanned! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * surplus popcorn.      due to a lot of stale politicized drama crowding out niche posts and dominating the front page, certain categories of drama face greater scrutiny and greater rates of removal.     your post fell into one of these categories and was not exceptional enough to be approved. see [here]([URL] for more information.       surplus drama categories include:      * racism drama   * gender wars   * social justice drama   * gun drama   * partisan pissmatches            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


translation: he's done none of that, but he might have skimmed wikipedia articles and seen heavily biased youtube videos on some of the subjects.


to all southerners these people are your enemy, show them no respect


> neither of these seem to be anything of what people are saying.       first of all, one, "piracy helps me try games before i buy" is one, if not the biggest argument for piracy.       second, the first being true, "i'll pirate the game to spite the developers" is the *second* most common argument for piracy.      > non-americans seem to forget other countries often have a difficult time purchasing games.      what the f--      oh, yeah, totally. i mean, nintendo literally didn't produce systems in brazil for half of the wii u / 3ds lifespan and only just got back in its industry, and obviously the inconvenience of downloading a 80mb app is on the exact same level of legal fuckery as "we do not officially sell our products in your country".      conversely, i've seen almost no one argue against people who *literally cannot buy a game legally* pirating, much like how no one gives a shit if you download the original *super mario bros. 3*. but games like *the outer worlds* and possibly *borderlands 3* *aren't even out yet.*      do you *actually* fucking think *any* of the people in the linked thread aren't red-blooded, glued-to-their-seats americans, let alone westerners?


\*setero love starts playing\*      me: nacho...


yeah but they take advantage that they are illegal. they won't raise the wage for 20 out of 100 works who are not illegal


guttershy


fun fact: peta kills 95.6% of the animals in their "care"


tbh, wb is not an easy turf, same as tn, ap and kl. jitna marzi mazak uda lo didi ko


sluuuuuuuuuuurp


what else do you think the ss designed their lightning bolts after? why do you think they were called "shock" troops despite not utilizing actual electricity?       it's all coming together.


agree, don't really want to add any back story, but women can be fucked up, and within the family...


then so paying attention to kaku or similar people.


i mean because you can't personally finance things like public utilities or fix roads whereas governments have the ability to do bigger things. this isn't a difficult concept to grasp. i'd rather have better roads than an extra $780, for example.


thank god for ceddit [URL]


meh. i'm an atheist and somewhat centrist (overall, i do take sides on positions but some on the left and some on the right).      religion ain't all its cracked up to be.


astronomy. if you're not a student, it's basically impossible to work without a phd on the science.


its only for people who believe in free speech...not for people who just *pretend* to believe in free speech but secretly want to silence and control others.  if you are still toying with the idea that free speech means freedom only for people you like...then you might not be ready for voat.  that's ok...try out some alternatives who are experimenting with controlled speech and when they get enough viewers that they feel comfortable indulging in their delusions of godhood without going broke, they will start banning and restricting what users see, hear, and think just like reddit.      after watching a few of these sites deteriorate, you will eventually reach the conclusion that if speech isn't free for everyone then it isn't free for anyone.  voat will be there when you are ready.


>this site is currently unavailable to visitors from the european economic area while we work to ensure your data is protected in accordance with applicable eu laws.      [mfw]([URL]


mdefugees                 out!


the bottom comment which is cut off mentioned nazis, implying the alt right are nazis


right, and the real issue is that flamethrower is way worse against celesteela or skarmory. even with maximum special attack investment, fire blast is probably the best option for the power. when you have no way to boost your special attack of 110, which is just ok by ou standards , immediate power is borderline mandatory.       oh god, i'm getting drawn into it too.


he is the son of françois pinault, though not the kind of son that ruins the legacy.


didn't that already happen a few months back


i got banned for saying that not all white people are racist. guess which sub. and it was the top comment too. it was purely the hatred of the mods


damn it i keep falling for pizzashill bait recently. so annoying.


the username isn't enough?


>i only buy legitimate software and games from developers      so you're afraid of crackers inserting harmful code into pirated games, but have no qualms about running closed source software whose maliciousness you can't verify either?


pretty sure this old pasta from a guy who used to post about bigfoot


so whenever you watch a scorsese film, it's important to keep in mind: it's not actually about *the plot*, it's about *how to be a man*. or different ideas of how to be a man. or if you're feminist about it, examinations of toxic masculinity.


don't you just love reforming the roman empire as augustus mussolini and kicking hitler into the north sea?


nah this shits hilarious


just because the policy is to no longer issue citations for it doesn't mean it isn't against the rules.      posting her picture online is uncalled for, but if everyone ate on the trains they'd be disgusting.


hey doctorwholesome! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * your post requires users to hunt for the drama.       you linked to too much content for users to find the drama easily.      please link directly to the comment thread containing the drama. if the comment you're linking to requires some context, add "?context=x" to the url, where "x" is the number of parent comments you want displayed. if there are multiple drama threads create a self-post containing the relevant links. please see [here]([URL] if you'd like more information            if you're unsure how to use context or to submit a write up, please check out our [wiki](/r/subredditdrama/wiki/ruleswiki_using_.3fcontext).            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


oh very cool.... can.... can you show us?


>it proves that the us was white supremacist under obama      when you're so woke, you imply obama was a white supremacist.


> yes, my political opinions happen to line up exactly with those of neoliberal globalist political parties and think-tanks      god i wish this was actually true


sphincter of science


     using a throwaway account now. i had been depressed lately ever since i started my winter quarter of college as a first year. i am now currently a sophomore year going into junior year.      i grew up with engineering drilled into my brain. my dad is an engineer, and as a little kid i always solve problems, create new objects with lego pieces, and always wondered how cars work. i excelled in many math and science tests until starting middle school when i moved into a bit more average.      i then entered a top tier engineering school under an engineering program. i quickly realized how much i hated chemistry and barely scrapped by with a d in both calculus 3 (taylor series, sequences, etc...) and chemistry ii, got into academic probation. i then switched into another form of engineering, bumped my gpa up with easy classes just to get out of academic probation, then got into academic probation again after failing statics with a f. i honestly feel very annoyed.      i'm now sitting in my house during spring break thinking engineering isn't right for me. i literally have no drive to do well in classes anymore. i hate going back to school, rather irritated each time i have to go back. i hate the constant going to class, sitting in there listening to pointless bullshit, then getting out. i hate the constant homework that is being thrown at me. the thing i hate most? tests. why do we have to memorize all of pointless math and others? i don't know which other major i can be interested at.      most people i'm around with are rather shitty, or i just don't fit in with them. i am losing multiple friends back in home, and i'm not making any true friends in college. i'm always open to hanging out, but it's always like this: "i'm busy, sorry." or some version of that. or they just don't respond at all. i always have nothing to do rather than playing video games instead of seeing all other people going to college parties with their super close group of friends. i also got made fun of for driving a manual transmission vehicle that i bought, because it was cheap and reliable, but at least i have a freaking car to use, right?      why do i have to be that kid who peaked in high school? back then when i had a girlfriend, was a sports team captain, always have fun stuff to do. now i'm just sitting here with a low gpa and have not exercised in so long because of engineering work.      i'm fucking irritated. i've been noticing i got angry a lot easier, especially after getting back test scores when all i want to do is to yell "fuck engineering" in my brain. why can't i just get my shit together? i hate being one of the least smartest students in class, but i loathe almost every single math and science courses i take. i loathe calculus and linear analysis. i loathe all physics, chemistry, and biology. why did i let gpa dictate my happiness? and otherwise, why the hell do most jobs have this 3.0 gpa minimum required? it's a very stupid requirement to have, just seeing all those people who cheated their way being eligible for that job.      feel free to ask me any more questions.


n-no fair!


mathematics isn't a science!


everything after the chunin exam was just boring, cheesy, dragged on. maybe it was because i started it at 15 and when it was at the end i was a grown up, but yeah...


[watchlist] customer allegedly writes, 'build the f***ing wall now!' on mexican restaurant receipt


when people are online, they get really aggressive for some reason. in real life, i don't think the reaction would've been nearly as bad. a lot of people are actually refusing to label their sexuality anymore though, because they're tired of the lgbtq drama. so they're still lgbtq but they'll say their sexuality has no label. it just makes things simpler and doesn't give people ammo to hate as much.


atleast you can say "gang gang!"


wow. fuck all those people. and then reddit will complain about that kid who got swatted and was killed. they just push this type of behavior.


most soilders are smarter than that guy.


low effort meme.


most of the time it's just ambition. he's not muah ha ha moustache twirly villainous, he just knew when to make friends and when to stab them in the back.      which is pretty evil, i guess, but oda nobunaga is usually depicted as or allying with actual demons, so...


yeah, because when the majority of people take no offense and a minority are looking for more spaces they're welcome, it's a marketing no-brainer. it's phony as hell, but it's generally for the best.


momotawave!


can that rag be used to make arm bands?


it's an ideology in which they believe men all consciously created a social system made to keep women at the bottom.


longpostbot is back? effortcels on suicide watch.


the only way to kill all of them permanently is to super heat the entire structure they're in  for an extended period of time. so yes, if you can't afford that desert all of your belongings.


i hate myself for being jealous of my best friend.


its called late term abortion


this is oddly deep.


boruto is still running. besides, something doesn't have to be actively releasing new content for you to have something to say about it.


thanks to tamils ​​they helped a lot


in hindsight, his son was completely useless. his birth name is synonymous with idiot/useless. he inherited 1/3 of china and at the time a slew of capable officers. but lived his life in luxury and not listening to liu beis original prime minister zhuge liang and later jiang wei. he was slow to send supplies and denied crucial campaigns.


some serious dunning-kruger effect right there.


yay! 3/3!!


if we're talking about the revelation return, let's just say they wouldn't have a chance to talk to him about his political affiliation through all the existential horror.


>on reddit


>>if you had told me 5 years ago someone was destroying 2,387 vintage star wars figures i would have freaked out at the loss. but thanks to disney, i don't care!! it's actually impressive how they took the most profitable ip of all time and made it worthless.   >   >i'm a bit confused how not liking the last movie(s) in a series suddenly makes all the enjoyment you had in the previous media disappear. i mean, i was pretty pissed off with mass effect 3, but my 400 hours in the me1 and me2 didn't vanish and i still enjoyed the multiplayer.      imagine being reminded of your ex cheating on you every time you cuddle with your current significant other. not to say this is reasonable or healthy, but it's understandable and plausible. and, before sequence of events gets argued, you can still apply this to past experiences. those 400 hours you spent with the ex, no matter how enjoyable at the time, were spoiled when they cheated on you. again, only an analogy.


you sound upset


twitch partner and hirez employee thomas cheung has been arrested for allegedly arranging to have sex with a child


there's often this weird one-upmanship from americans in their supposed misery. i happened to make a comment in another sub about how my long commute and my working hours wore on me, i usually only have around 3 - 3,5 hrs of time in the evening to get everything done so it can be hard to squeeze in e.g. fitness as well. cue someone responding that 'a lot of americans would be lucky to have that much time'...cool? maybe that's why you guys have health problems?


did you just assume the gender of their straw?


why would a guy who doesn't keep up with the latest social causes go the place fucking obsessed with the latest social causes for advice?


it's the horny ed edd n eddy copypasta replace straight with horny and that's the original.


whites have no culture.      "whites cannot like other cultures."      basically white people aren't allowed anything.


wow


you forgot to mention crates.


i am morally superior to anyone who doesn't follow these rules i have made up in my brain.


i don't think he (i think it's a he from the photo, but it's a bit blurry) will need to go back for another pass ... there were no survivors.


thank you


backfired..


no no there's at least 2 different incestvilles.


everyone should take a step back and be reacting in horror at just how close we are to basically being a banana republic given what the alphabet soup gang has tried to pull.  i've been around the beast earlier in my life and knew it was bad, but didn't realize it had become this bad.  i shutter to think what would have happened these past couple years with clinton.  they would have cemented the control they started planting 25 years ago...


there's only two twilight zones that are worthy of the name: the rod serling one and the charlie brooker one. all the other ones are pathetic imitations


unrelated to the drama, but madara fucking up the shinobi alliance with nothing but taijutsu is one of my favorite ~~fights~~ massacres in anime.


sorry to hijack this comment but please sign this petition to protest the actions of jussie smollett      [URL]


there was someone on /r/worldbuilding once who absolutely refused to accept that fantasy authors could even accidentally imprint their worldview into their writing. like, they wanted to believe that tolkien didn't even accidentally happen to describe the orcs as industrious or that the bad humans tend to be brown. these people absolutely exist. same type who think their opinions aren't political, but others' views with whom they disagree with are.


well, in my case hellspawn bf would be more appropriate, cause i want to have it's massive 2 m long cock destroy my insides and turn me into it's fleshlight.


because i wanted to play the next metro game, i played all of them on steam. i was getting ready to buy it when they removed it from store


writing from hospital, lying on my stomach. goli pichhwaade me lagi thi


another one for the y'all can't behave files: "there were far too many uncivil discussions beginning to spiral out of control" locked thread on a review of the latest got episode. oversensitive mods are censoring all over the book and show subs because heated discussion gives them fainting spells.


anon is an assassin


i have no problem with this.


anon is jotaro


google/alphabet is objectively biased, they've even stated this themselves.      there's dozens of studies about google, alphabet or youtube. it's easy to confirm. tim pool's got a couple of videos about it showing that the majority of recommendations are for liberal videos. conservative videos tend to pull up liberal, neutral or conservative, whereas liberal ones just circle-jerk into mostly more liberal.      that's an aside to demonitization.      also, they've been going after steven crowder and prageru, which i finally got around to watching a little. both are pretty generic conservative and not even remotely alt-right. i figured prageru was some propagandistic shit based upon what people acted like and half of it's economic videos with sourced graphics and charts, like lol. they even go after people like dave rubin, who has 90% liberal videos but dares to talk to the right 10% of the time.


any one right of you is alt right. so you better steer far left before someone calls you alt right.


> i bet you're beginning to wish you hadn't learned this anymore         


wait. that's illegal.


what happened to canceling dany the white savior?


possible context: the first person saw someone eating chips that they really didn't like, and assumed that it was a race thing.


lol i feel so honored to be featured here, lol.


yeah, twitter defo gonna help with her mental and drug problems      yass queen


nazi party were the original radical centrists


well done ! you are taking the step im most afraid to .


didn't she have a heart attack in the ambulance from being obese?


just snitched on him for suspension evasion my man


seriously, if mlk can use it against southern whites who wanted to lynch him, you have no excuse


no one has ever gone up to my face and yelled pika pika to me. thank god nintendo has given me my desires


if it had been a joke about ice cream they would be singing a different tune as well.      good job. you learned that different topics change the conversation.


the stupidity of the circle jerks on that sub make me want to pray for an extinction level event


what, they've never genuinely heard "pika pika pikachu"?


it also generates jobs and decreases surplus population.


i always make my dates pay for their own macdonalds


i am well aware lol.


topminds of reddit get called out for racism and double down on racism


it's based on the same scientific principle, but cimexa is man-made and much more potent.      when my apartment caught a small infestation, i threw out my box spring (where they were nesting), ran my clothes through the dryer a few times, and dusted that cimexa stuff absolutely everywhere.  i was constantly freaking out for months at random itches when i was in bed thinking they'd came back, because it's what the internet conditioned me to expect, but i never found another one ever again.


... is this true? i want to believe its true, please be true


and then you have to recognize it was rape.


that's how you know it's a good thread.


danny isn't really "mad" though in the sense of the mad king and geoffry.  she's more of a product of her enviroment.  she understands that if you show any weakness there will always be those to exploit that.        john snow is just the lawful stupid paladin


that responder is a hero.


holy shit what a terrible font.


i wonder if the mha community faced similar problems with magne and tiger.


it makes sense if it's temporary and you have a strong desire to work in your field. you take a job that pays the bills so you have more time to look for a job you want. bartending is a pretty good one because with the right schedule and location it'll earn enough for those bills and leaves you with some daytime free to job-hunt. after a couple of years, though, it means either you don't actually have the skills for your chosen field, or your standards for a new job are way too high.


same


i literally thought she was dead..


trust me, as a woman who was on tinder, i hated the bad pickup lines. i did a few cheesy ones for some women i tried flirting with, but none to the degree r/tinder usually is


jb? i forgot about him...wasn't he in jail? why was he?


i'm already tracer


as a texan, this hurts me deeply. and makes me slightly hungry.


she stole their damn wrench with her neck


checkout [URL] - reddit without censorship


never trust a dude who gets manicures.


this happened to a friend of mine at r/marvel. she doesn't want he name to be public. she was permanently banned for "self promotion". reason: she linked a suitable youtube video into the subreddit.


he's right around my age and has the most pleasant bedside manner -- so caring and considerate. you could tell all the dental assistants have low-key crushes on him. he winked at me as we were wrapping things up, the charming bastard. i keep telling myself he probably does that to all of his patients, but i'm still giddy hours after my appointment.


/[USER] details friendo


it's not saying that lol


i can almost stroke myself.


[i guess discord changed their minds and likes lolicon after all]([URL]


um,  i hope you approve.           i'm sorry,  i've been single for a while because i... still haven't quite managed my mania.  i look at a lot of porn...  i have issues.


... and everyone but me is a nazi.


it's not called medical science for nothing. regardless of whether you feel or not you're doing anything really "scientific" it is still considered a science but one that works a lot closer with actual people and not strictly in a lab setting. i used to be in the medical field before dropping it, for reasons i'd rather not share due to fear of being doxed, but i always thought of it being a part of stem.


no one says this, jesus christ.       the original wonder woman series came out in the 70's, so did the bionic woman and people didn't bitch about it then. no one had issues with with any of the female heroes in x-men, no one gave a fuck about jessica jones being female, no one complained about the new wonder woman movie, and so on.       i swear, these people have the memory of a goldfish, acting like every new female superhero movie was the first one to ever come out and that any criticism of it must be from "incel misogynistic virgin man-babies" and not because the movie might, actually, you know, suck.


i literally just said "cool" and i got unbanned


my latest hot take is that germany thought they could cause a second revolution of some sorts like what happened in 1917      stalin almost surrendered when the german army was in the suburbs of mosxow according to anthony beevor


wow, can you start being gay and stop being a homophobe.


finally someone with common sense


fucking **neeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrreddssss**


sleep wont come for a couple hours.


it's hilarious that things like net neutrality and an open internet are highly upvoted when the actual website uses mass censorship


totally. that mod is just like kim jong-un and hitler. just like them.


a bs in bs. poetic justice.


you aren't a natural predator


they called it brainwashing. it's stupid from the start, not just the end.


jesus christ , calm down i didn't know. fuckin hell


that post was one for the ages.


>grow up man... it's just a game... everyone knows flamethrower is a shit move, stop doing this to yourself      why does everyone try to use this as an excuse to say they have the better argument? you're in the same fucking discussion as the guy you're arguing with. either drop out and stop trying to argue, or just nerd out and go ham.       this half in/half out shit is phenomenally stupid


> according to the fbi, "a hate crime is a traditional offense like murder, arson, or vandalism with an added element of bias." the underlying problem with this definition is it elevates non-criminal activity to the level of a crime. spray painting a phallus on the side of a building is vandalism. spray painting a swastika on the side of a building is a hate crime.      >     > the first major problem we run into, then, is that the vast majority of recorded hate crimes fall into a number of activities that normally fall under misdemeanor or even civil categories. these actions include vandalism, simple assault and a vague category the fbi uses called "crimes against society." vandalism alone makes up a third of all events. it is troubling that the state elevates non-criminal matters into a criminal one based nothing on perpetrator motivation. the aforementioned swastika spray paint is no more difficult to clean off than a person scrawling their name.      >     > digging further, the increase in reported hate crimes is driven primarily by these non-criminal acts.      >     > the disparity between real crime where people are harmed or property is irreparably lost and simple misdemeanor activity is staggering.      >     > an indicator hate crime isn't a problem is the rise of the hate crime hoax. according to researcher wilfred reilly, a kentucky state professor of political science, there has been a [notable rise in hate crime hoaxes]([URL]      >     > in today's united states, there is immense value in becoming a victim of a hate crime. there is an outpouring of social support, tv circuit interviews and other social benefits. being seen as authentic is so strong that people become [distraught when they find out they're not the ethnicity they think they are]([URL] these individuals are motivated to become a victim of such an event to solidify their social standing.      >     > through the fact that there are *any* hoax events indicates that the problem of hate is, by and large, solved.       >     >  [the overwhelming support such people obtain as the immediate snap decision ]([URL] indicated that our society doesn't tolerate such behavior and, since society doesn't tolerate the behavior, finding individuals is equally rare. one doesn't need to raise awareness when the events are so few that cable news outlets can justify days of debate over each event; we're already pretty much aware the moment they happen. but one does need to raise awareness if they wish to have their 15 minutes of fame.      >     > [as i previously noted]([URL] the number of people who buy into hate ideology, regardless of motivation, is so trivial that they couldn't even fill a minor league baseball stadium. there are more people than this who think the earth is flat, yet no one considers that a growing trend. it would be impossible to casually talk about nazis being evil if they had any semblance of power or authority as people would tread more carefully. being anti-nazi is a safe and easy way to win social points since there is almost zero risk of reprisal. just ask wilfred reilly, who is on actual enemies lists, just how dangerous they are (they aren't). however, politicians, certain groups and many individuals have strong incentives to manufacture hate crimes where none exist as such events generate votes, revenue and social attention.       condensed version.


hey, if we can murder our own, we can murder theirs.         dont be stupid, anon


and so are you.


can you not name call? it makes you look stupid


and having a monthly grocery budget so big that you can take $500 out of it.      > i spend $500 (i'm a student) the month of july at the cost of groceries (i eat plain rice, beans, and vegetables for the month)


because that moderator is an admin.


>i said this before ill say it again ..you fuckers with your conservative views and unwillingness to changed have fucked up so much. the mess you've left the world in will take decades to fix. fuck you all. fuck your racism. fuck your inability to flex on fucking anything. i hate you. your fuckers are the goddamn fucking worst. thanks for trump. and brexit. and la pen. fuck you. fuck your lazy fucking oldness and your "oh i'm an old dog and can't do new tricks" bullshit. fuck right off . i've had this sitting on my chest for months. jesus fucking christ i hate you. thanks so much for a world where your children will clean up your messes. remember how you would always scold us when we didn't clean the table? thanks for fucking up the planet and society. suck a monstrous cock, fuck you.      is this copypasta?


lol says the mod who stirred the pot. you got me banned from the sub just because i called you out.


please tell me more. what was your ex famous for? are they now on ig and pretending to have a fake blue eye or selling healing crystal dildos?????


*cough cough* team siren *cough cough*


it's just not the same


this is bakchodi itna serious mat lo


yes, if it means it will swap over into other fields.


reddit policy


maybe the 87 videos, sworn statements by two police officers, testimony from 17 eyewitnesses, her own sworn statements that she violently attacked depp several times (under oath in a previous case), and the pictures of his finger being reattached.  


it's on r/copypallu


i've had to manage the h1b visa application process for an employee. it used to be kind of a pita, but with the new administration's changes it was painstaking and the lawyer cost a lot to reveiw and re-review all of the documentation we needed to put together. i get your point, it's just probably a bad example.


blizzard should just burn the game, shut down all the servers, don't refund anyone. these fans are the scum of the earth and this game attracts the worst for some reason.


i'd say it's a fair bit different than europe because those tyrants were more successful. warring states periods in china are seen as transitory periods between one dynasty and the next, not the norm. the norm is to be a united realm. it's like if the roman empire had been properly rebuilt after its fall. of course this is excluding areas that were traditionally outside of han control, such as the western territories that weren't added until the qing dynasty.


*clap* *clap*


according to the most recent figures (2015); 638,000 children died annually from abortion


weebles wobble but they don't fall down?


they hate liberals.


lost histories, languages, knowledge's, and structures. these people do realize that the history, language, knowledge, and structures still for the most part exist, right? especially if you're of african descent, you can just get on a plane. any history, language, or knowledge that was lost has more to do with the fact that most of your ancestors kept no written language, not because of evil whitey. should i be angry at the romans and italians for knowing very little about the ancient germanic tribes and celts, even though i would know more if my ancestors had created a written language?


>/fit/      >girlfriend      lolwut


darn white people and their...      *-spins giant wheel until it lands on a wedge-*      pokémon!


i'm going to beat my wife...      ... to the kitchen so she doesn't have to cook


i bought one too, but still i can clearly see a shadow after shaving. it's irritating


how is it not your fault unless you got raped?


i wouldn't know, because i've yet to see anything on ep that's even remotely readable. it's all like three sentence stories fluffed up into the most long-winded nonsense imaginable.            ~~"a kid wanted a milkshake and the mum lost her shit when i said the machine was broken"~~ "it was a warm but breezy morning on the northwest coast. the cicadas, buzzing in the sun's warm glow, signaled that it was once again the season of adventure, irreverence and youthful optimism..."


you let her get away with so much for so long, you were practically begging her to continue to lie, cheat, steal, sabotage. you reward her every time she does this..


i will keep it up. and thank you for the valid points you made that i hadn't considered. a couple of weeks ago, there was a kid from australia who posted that he was going to hang himself in four hours. it was awesome seeing how the people of reddit all rushed to this kid's aid and started sharing personal stories with him of their own suicidal thoughts or attempts. i'm not saying i got through to him but clearly a couple of other people did and he posted a few hours later and said that he was going to go get help and seek therapy.       so shit like that will keep me replying when i have the time.


and the final fight. two whole episodes of great choreography.


that's all well and good, except you're touching people for no reason whereas you could just be polite and move out of the way. i'd classify that as sexual assault.


nice comeback lol


if a comet slammed into silicon valley tomorrow i wouldn't shed a single tear. these companies are not friends of the left, they are covering their ass. t_ds crime was not it's constant calls for violent genocide, it was getting reddit in the news. they will all be abolished after the revolution.


thank you


have dodgy friends finding dodgy friends of his own would be logical


     [URL]


safety razors are easy to get, as are the blades.  shavettes are better though.


i disagree.      i mean when we think of barbarians we think of lawless warriors who rape and pillage and generally do whatever the fuck they want.         isn't that just extreme libertarianism?


not the end of the world. being a parent is amazing!


fuck that, if i wanna order tacos for ten, i'll do it where i damn well please. i waited in the drive thru just like you. unfortunately you ended up behind me this time. drive thru is about convenience. you ordering just for you? you go in, get your food, and sit down and eat. or wait patiently and stfu. plus the ability to get tacos for ten right in my vehicle vs ordering, waiting, then trying to carry ten bags to my vehicle seems like a bigger inconvenience. as far as employees go, my tacos for ten balanced with people just getting a drink counteract each other.


>if it was international baby day she would have done the same.      yeah i think this is the point. saying he is acting like a baby/women (both mean the same thing in this context) is a bit insulting to women no? like the whole joke is associating crying a lot and complaining = woman.


it's shit like this that proves how double standardized these people are


i mean, that's kinda my point. you're taking issue with a door labeled as gender neutral. if someone wants to use it, whatever. you don't have to.       the only real crime about the sims is how expensive the dlc is for basically no content.


only in bo1 though


imagine accidentally coughing too loudly at the march. someones going to be mauled to death with kisses.      on a related note; pibble drama is never ever amusing


something with emma peel


because it's still copyright infringement, which i don't like.


and then there's characters like dave strider, an albino who literally has white skin and people draw him black all the time.


i like her as a person, don't get me wrong, it's just the future that worries me. because she is insisting on having children and her current habits will be a major problem, either affecting the health of the child or passing on bad habits.


they're angry at their own shitty tactics used against them.      t_d had about the same atmosphere and behavior as r/shitredditsays, whose userbase was the sqeaky wheel of reddit.       they're both snarky, censor heavy, troll heavy, lots of flair, lots of dissent free circlejerking.      this is steve huffman's baby, his product, his policy, his moderators. whatever this site has been is all on him and his fellow admin.      don't know exactly how shitredditsays mods extorted him and his site, but the loudest from that sub were given mod positions on reddit's busiest subs.       this site is run by propagandists with no quality moderation of them. everything this shitty site is and does is on huffman. go after him and his other baby, his travel company hipmunk.


naah, just removed.  and you'll notice, there's already a link to it in the sidebar for those who want unmoderated conversation.      edit:  wait, that link is in the other sub, my bad.  and, you know, you can have conversations here, just not if you want those conversations to be laced with overt racism.  but luckily for you, the web address for voat isn't too hard to memorize.


*i see you're a man of culture as well*


i can't go to my friends so i'm coming to reddit.   i have never been good at saying how i feel. i have been with my girlfriend for about two and a half years and we live together, just started our careers and are moving in to a bigger place together. i love her with everything i have, so i guess please keep that in mind.   when she comes home from work after a long or bad day she takes it entirely out on me as if i'm a verbal punching bag and i've done so much to try to cheer her up, listen to her, help her get her mind off of it, everything i can do. she doesn't get better until after she talks to her mom. i ask her about her day i get nothing. she tells her mom everything, all about her day and i get cast aside. then shes laughing as if everything is great.   after i'm there trying to comfort her to no avail, then her getting instantly better, i start to feel like i'm not needed. then she doesn't asks about how my day went. she sometimes will, but i can't even finish telling her things and its only when shes in a good mood (which is maybe 1 or 2 days a week).   so i bring it up, i get nothing but angry pushback. this time because i waited for us to be cuddled up in bed where i could be holding her while i told her how i was feeling.  i just don't know what to do and feel like it's my fault because even if i had brought it up earlier it would have still been my fault for feeling this way... am i really the problem? how do i get better at saying how i feel when i'm upset?   again. i love her with everything i have and i know she loves me. i just feel like i cant make her happy


something in r/science


this has to be satirical. this is just too ludicrous to be taken seriously.


you made me hungry


[URL]


can we ban wholesome reddit shit like this?


nurses are more applying concepts based off of science. i'm having a hard time explaining it, but i feel like it's more removed from like equations and science than engineering or like mathamatics. like you need to understand how the circulatory system works, which would be science, but you need it more to understand how to give the correct medications or do the right procedure as opposed to doing research into the function of the circulatory system, which is something a stem major biologist would be doing.


steve irwin was a lovely person, but he took some risks that were a little unnecessary.  this sadly lead to his death.  however it is everyone's right to live as they want to some extent, and while his methods of approaching and handling wildlife are far from advisable, he didn't do any harm to animals and he did further our understanding of them.      every science needs a little crazy in the mix; it's just sad when they lose their life doing something preventable.  it's just not the best idea to fuck with dangerous wild animals.


i am loyal follower of one and only droov.


> or configure automod to remove your posts      this is what people mean when they say mods shadowbanned them.      >but i don't see why they would.       lol mods on various subreddits do it all the time. this is nothing new.


which just creates more advantage for companies with established legal departments.


what's the link i wanna see the cute sister


how is it whitewashing if they're still clearly not white?


proof that "woke" posts are only 2 steps away from full on racism.


pro-choice was an orwellian abuse of language. in some ways "pro-life" is too.       why are we so sensitive we cannot just say pro and anti abortion?


is "backslashed" some kind of new slang i'm behind on, now?


where is he off to now?


i think that's just called the windows start menu


take that back or i'll screw you with my flower.


censorcels btfo!


ordering a meal for fit for the entire u.s. military in your honor next trip to the drive-through. :)


[legalize ranch]([URL]


like they say 'stupid is as stupid does'.


bachelorette of science?


can i ask you, when you get the message saying you're featured in a drama thing, does it mean you personally or the whole sub? thanks.


it's because they actually hate it because of muh sjws etc. but they don't want to say or admit that openly. hence the schrodinger's anti-fandom you describe.


you were nothing before you were alive, so the process of going from nothing -> a person is very likely to happen again since it already happened once.       especially since infinite time can pass in an instant when you are unconscious.


i said alliances, not friendships!


everyone i know loves foreign accents. are you sure other people hate it?


have you watch norsemen on netflix? i think its norwegian not swedish but still. great show


how the fuck can peta have a problem with steve irwin? is there anyone they like? i really can't think of anyone who loved animals more than steve.


haha, he actually turned r/platinumuserclub into a worship center for him as "the platinum god".  but once he started making comments like this:      >so, in the course of a couple of months i have singlehandedly discovered that dmt is the (1) naturally occurring endogenous human neurotransmitter of childhood and ingenuity, (2) the root chemical agent involved in schizophrenia and autism, (3) a cure for cancer, (4) enabling us to see the extraterrestrial beings that now rule our planet, and (5) all but proposed to nicole wallace of msnbc and gwb white house fame.      >and, remarkably, people still ask "uh, duh, yeah but why the platinums?" and "yes but what else."      they banned the mention of him, leaving this users, such as this one, very disappointed.      >ahhh might not be a fan of this sub anymore. chris is our lord and saviour.


the one time i agree with this is the r/niceguys/incels. they always say female and it's weird.


i remember that...      *groan.*      it's so fucking stupid...


this ?


here's a hot take (maybe): no one has ever complained about "tone" on reddit in good faith. it is a deflection, always.


what does happen?


i don't understand something, it must be hitler seems to be a pretty common ideal all of the sudden.


*anyone who pays taxes


she.was.a.model


yes, how do i delete someone else's twitter?


whats the appropriate amount of sympathy for people i have never met and will never know?           am i to sit around and mourn the possibility of every single death every day? the millions who drop dead that i never knew and never met?            how much virtue signaling and false sympathy is needed in order for me to be considered empathetic?


well i care bout them but do i have to care about it every single day?


crowder's takes are usually correct.


there's a lotta people in that conversation who want to talk about context and how it matters, but then refuse to take crucial context into account.


is this true???


someone once turned without using their turn signal while i was in the middle of the crosswalk and kept going to try and hit me, a teenager riding their fucking bike


wtf no thanks


i like to use a 40oz cap to mix my water and dope as i load my syringe.


woomy?


of course the admins won't reply to appeals or messages either. fuck this site, if you're accounts suspended it's pretty much gone, not yours specifically but general


>only 2      *triggering intensifies*


in the same boat as you...


yeah, but they're also in power. i can't believe the police here just stood by and watched while those antifa guys were blocking roads and shit last year


for example, who lu bu is and why he must not be pursued.


cooking is a skill that literally anyone can learn. no culture "owns" a dish even if they were the creators.      gordon ramsay is a world-renowned chef that has put years into studying different foods and the culture they come from. being a chef is a form of cultural appreciation, not appropriation.      ps, all gordon has to do is hire asian chefs in this becomes a non-issue.


but the eyepatch looks cooler


maybe he was  "yes"


its because the left has become self censoring. peak george carlin would be roasting lefties and be in the trump cabinet if he were still alive today. secretary of tweetsportation


having been born and raised above the mason-dixon line and spent most of my adult life below i can tell you: the biggest differences are the speed at which people move (in the north if you walk slow you freeze to death on the spot; in the south if you walk too fast you combust) grits (almost 20 years and i still don't get this. it's *horse feed.* they ate it when the south's economy was shit and everyone was starving. but then they decided "y'know what? i *like* horse feed!") and iced tea. (in my area at least, there's a high preference for sweet tea) on the subject of tea, you have to go to new england to find anything that might resemble what you brits are used to. the rest of the country just drinks cofee, because tea is vile.      so yeah, i've gotten used to a lot of things. i get what southern pride really is. i move and talk slower than when i was a kid. i like country fried steak and biscuits with sausage gravy. but seriously, fuck grits and fuck tea.


>but by the end of freshmen comp i was able to pull the dumbest stuff out of stories read.      what do you mean by "dumbest", like you found some really neat, obscure stuff or you were able to make up some bull-shit? either way that's good because making up your own stuff teaches you how to recognize it in other people.


i agree, although i'd extend it to anyone who tweets, as it's hard to believe many people use twitter for anything other than stroking the ol' ego. ;p


the left can't meme


what period? this would not be the first time someone has gotten a name or date wrong. i mean, three arrows went to guess it was the first crusade which isn't a stretch and is a rather common practice when someone asks a history question: to try and figure out what period they are *actually* talking about. however, unlike the first crusade, which was a bit of a mess and didn't really go anywhere, the reconquista fits the rough time period, the map he pulled up, and was about a muslim invasion and the rather slow process of spain trying to have them uninvade.


what about the hottest take of paying more in taxes just so you don't have to file?      >this is way too wonky of a stance. taxes are best when they're invisible, e.g. they're taken out of your paycheck automatically. people don't want to have to deal with that stuff -- they just want it handled.      >if you told me that my taxes would go up by 5% and the trade-off was that i'd never have to file another return, i'd take that deal in a heartbeat. tax season is a fucking catastrophe, and professional tax preparation is zeroing in on $1000.


/r/libertarian falls for a fake bbc tweet listing the finger pinch emoji as an "alt right hate symbol". outrage ensues in the comments.


that should have honestly been their complaint from the start, since there is no way they are going to fund everything they want with only the rich paying taxes.


damn. you figured me out.


muhammad's progressive preaching. oxymoron af


any other questions?            yes....why are you such an ignorant prick?


dae white-straight bad?


heh ... what about black men who are proud to be straight?      ooops - you would have gotten away for it except for those pesky kids and their facts!


playing with the boys


flair checks out


my friends and i have been trying to get the pauline spirit on smash ultimate and shes just so hot before we get started i always need to go "take a shit" so i can blow my ropes


it's cumtown. it's kind of how it works. like how a group of bros will talk shit about each other while also being endearing


i'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:      - [/r/enoughpetersonspam] [these arguments between mods of \/r\/menslib and users of \/r\/mensrights have been going on for literally three days. it's a mishmash of fights about social sciences, dr. jordan b. peterson, and censorship.]([URL]       *^(if you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([info](/r/totesmessenger) ^/ ^[contact](/message/compose?to=/r/totesmessenger))*


i have the heart of a lion, and a lifetime ban from the zoo.


brazil, usa. hungary, poland, italy, russia. israel. vs evil.


wait.... you have me actually intrigued what is r/sps? i assume your alt is the mod there as.. it has 0 subscribers and 2 posts. hmm maybe it stands for select portfolio servicing ([URL]      i must admit... i am a bit of a gambler/investor so i appropriate the link/suggestion. i'll look into their services and see if i find any value.


everyone is welcome. not everyone is considered. there's a difference.


but it's carl.


my expectations... such subversion!!


lol the best part about it is she's basically asking him to venmo her money and fuck off      also since when is it creepy to ask someone to fuck? so what if he only wanted to have sex?


that poor girl has internalized the patriarchy's misogyny so much that she actually believes all those lies about proto-this and phonological-that.  it's sad how powerful the patriarchy is.


8chan is beyond scuffed


[boo!]([URL]


??      the one with beard looks fuckin sick


nosey little (f)ucker arnt ya?


just wait untill the democrats have their candidate figured out and turn their undevided attention to beating trump.       this will be a wild ride friend. 2016 was just a warm up, i'm sure.


every criticism on the clearly labeled parody website is true and sourced. the same criticisms mentioned on the site are getting repeated by his rivals on live televisions debates for the world to see. is that fake news too?


tanos chin texture


i can see the breaking and entering obviously but doesn't sound like she robbed or attempted to murder anyone.


>you tell and entire generation of young white men from the time they're in pre-school through college that all the world's problems are their fault, that they owe their money, slot in college, job, and everything else to other people just because of their skin color, tell them that being white is evil, etc and you just might end up turning a lot of those boys, who otherwise would have been fine, into actual racists.       and when people, white, non-white, male, female, non-binary say "that's it's a bad idea" to those racists and sexists, they just double down. just look at the people who supported the gillette ad while calling it's detractors 'whiny" or "fragile" men.       even though that's the exact sort of behavior the ad criticizes.


implying gender studies could ever meet any scientific standard. all of their studies are started from a conclusion and they gather data to support it.


metronome, guillotine, fissure, splash or no balls


there's too many right-wing shitholes all over the world already, those wanting to ruin america can move to one of them instead of destroying a nation founded on being the polar opposite. [sh]


hey. $20 less is $20 less.      can i get that twenty since you don't seem to want it?


it's like people here don't understand joke posts.


get over it. the sub is for snarking. not for complimenting the duggars. thats the whole point.


that's the problem with censorship. it only gives greater validity and power to that which is being censored.


i don't care.


^**only**


if you use that font, you're opinion/argument is invalid


edgy? more like truth


'woof' means no, op.


isn't everyone in asoiaf?


  >usa is toppling a regime in venezuela right now   >no us military is going to attack anyone.      what logic is this?


still doesn't explain what it has to do with my comment.  unless you're one of the people who go by the saying "you're either with us, or you're against us."


what's the logical reason for eating tasty food?


rule number 1: don't take memes seriously.      that's it. there's basically just one rule.


>i brought up profit margins because i'm pretty sure that's what the parent comment in this thread meant but didn't express it properly.      they were basically arguing about two different things the whole time...       though the linked article was kinda vague and simplistic and had no business declaring the myth busted or whatever.


i've wondered sometimes in my darkest of hearts if he saw the writing on the wall and that's what inspired him to retire from the show.


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      **[rule 6: post formatting]([URL]      **screenshots, if used, must be full post and full context.**       **just posting the headline of an article will get your post removed**. this includes someone sharing a link on social media without any discussion on that post.      we should be able to see the post in question as well as any necessary context to understand what's being discussed.      you may not edit the content of posts to add reaction memes, criticism, jokes or other content that isn't necessary context.      you may censor any blog names to protect the bloggers, but if the post looks like a troll it will be removed and you will be asked to **send the mods a link to the blog for verification**.         ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


lungi masterrace if northies wear lungi nothing can stop pan parag from dominating universe


>because he doesn't produce milk for young?      he could but he'll go to jail


i like the way you think.  you clearly have the makings of a mod!


it's not hard to find a straight person.      over 95% of humanity is straight.      we're literally everywhere.


your good friend prophet muhammad that you always support thought the same thing... oh, wait! no, he didn't.      **sahih al-bukhari volume 9 book 88 hadith 219**: "when the prophet heard the news that the people of the persia had made the daughter of khosrau their queen (ruler), he said, "never will succeed such a nation as makes a woman their ruler."      [[URL]


lol


i didn't no mac came to srd.       [URL]


ok, macaulay putra. bc my mother's been eating in the same thali since she was 5. she's fitter than most women.


damn i smelled them from here


imagine spending hours of work doing what you genuinely love all for it to go to shit because you chose a slightly lighter colour.


they're not banned because they're *not* requesting to speak to a child. you're completely unfamiliar with the lingo and the fetish. the term *little* does not refer to an actual, literal child. a little is an *adult* woman (or man, i guess) who adopts the childish role in a ddlg relationship.


hey angus_pudgorney! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * you used a biased title or write-up.       remain as neutral as possible when creating a submission. a good title and write-up catches attention without making untrue statements or implying a certain side is in the wrong.      * you used a circlebrokey title or write-up.       remain as neutral as possible when creating a title. a good title catches attention without focusing on the trend rather than the drama            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


reddit no longer has defaults i thought


abe chutiye just because someone shits on congress does not mean anything.if anything he is more left than congress is.


i'm more of a fan of raichu. not sure what that days about me. i've used him as my electric pokémon in multiple games.


they were making a joke that killing an actual child by the mother is a "late term abortion".      (not here for anything other than explaining.)


this guy unironically likes jacob wohl


what?  we were allowed to call her a gold digger the second she started dating johnny depp.      why would this help?  gold diggers normally don't bite the hand.


well, that's not a good situation. first thing to do would be to see a therapist, you need help, and your parents are not qualified to deal with your issues. you need help man, and don't be ashamed about it, we all do at one moment or another.   if you need someone to talk, i'm here for you man.   (i don't know if you're familiar with my man rocky balboa, but if you're not, watch those, it might help you fight again)


source?


definitely not what you want it to be.


tbh i fuckin hate the name of it but as always they have some bangers on it..."the now now" is a dumb name


earlier today i saw a pink that said pornhub is already looking to buy it.


raception


well, looks like carl is banned from r/offmychest now


i mean "fucking" isn't always used in a sexual way. i can see how somebody glances at it and saw "r/ dragons and fucking cars" or something


for reference, if you're in business school that takes about three extra classes on top of the required courses for non-economics majors.


correction, they want other people to pay more taxes for socialism, not them.


i just got banned from r/shitliberalssay today because i said that communism can't work on a large scale. with this statement i was bombarded with both downvotes and angry users who jumped at the chance to insult and shorty after, a ban


removed - your headline lacks a score, as required by rule 6. feel free to resubmit.


i mean... he's right, but not in the way he *thinks* he is.


*gets banned*


its a fetish


context: romance of the three kingdoms is one of the classic novels of ancient china and stars paragon of confucian virtue [liu bei]([URL] as he struggles to reunite china. while his supposed virtue has earned him real life [godhood]([URL] his exploits both real and fictional have not aged well in the millennia since his death. he betrays multiple lords, loses many battles, [chill with eating someone's wife]([URL] [best friends with a pedophile]([URL] and abandons his family only to [chuck his baby at the ground]([URL] when returned.         naturally, he's a divisive figure:         * ["historical liu bei was a fascinating guy. but he's also utterly and unlikable and reprehensible. even by the standards of his time, he was a horrible man. and not even cool supervillain horrible."]([URL]   * ["you can always make babies, it's not uncommon to have dozens of babies for spare if your primary heir die an early death. but where the fuck would you find another zhao yun?"]([URL]   * [did liu bei abandon his family? was it okay?]([URL]   * [URL]   * ["outside the baby throwing, liu bei is the epitome of taking the right path even tho harder."]([URL]   * ["no, liu bei was a hypocrite who fancied himself righteous. he was also a very incompetent commander."]([URL]   * ["because anyone claimed to uphold moral principles must be a hypocrite. hah."]([URL]   * ["the historical account shows definitively that liu bei backstabbed a family member to steal his kingdom and pushed shu han to the brink of ruin in ill-advised and ill-fated attempts to take land from the strongest of the three kingdoms"]([URL]   * ["personally liu bei was worst in the big three. he has about 0 military talent and his fights are mostly fought by his retinue and planned by zhuge liang."]([URL]   * [was liu bei a good ruler?]([URL]         disclosure: i'm not a shill for creative assembly. the 2010 tv show is surprisingly good.         edit: just for clarification. baby throwing and wife eating are fictional. abandoning his family was real.      edit 2: fixed the link for the wife eating.


i have an even more unpopular opinion, as a bi guy i hate straight pride and pride in general. it feels like it's glorifying the least interesting part of myself. i don't want to be known as the "bi guy" i want to be known as me and for who i am


the guy thought china was admirably racist and authoritarian.


he used to live in a one room set in my neighborhood during his struggling days. never met him but saw him leaving and entering the house many times. that time no one could guess that he would be such a success. for the whole neighborhood, he was just another punjabi singer.


tap to edit


all the memes on r/memes and r/teenagers are reposts and the same format used a thousand times over. not to mention the constant worship of popular figures such as keanu and bob ross, like i love those guys too, but you are seriously creepy with your attachment to a celebrity.


doesn't phobic mean afraid? i don't think anyones  afraid of transexuals, the sjw types make it seem like your all just a bunch of cry babies.


dude same. (well, i am vegetarian not vegan at the moment.) when ever peta does any thing i just feel like "uh i'm not with them." especially a stunt like this, i'm glad everyone is ripping them a new one over it.


now a common response is "herp derp venezuela." which can be read as, "conservatives pounce."      yes, we will continue to point out the utter ruin that was bernie sanders' one-time wet dream. the thousands starving and dying. the repressive government confiscating guns, shooting citizens in the street, and arresting people willy-nilly. the once great economy that is now nothing but a memory.       the mental gymnastics to somehow blame it on america or capitalism is mindblowing.


think of the manpower it takes leftists, just on reddit alone, to suppress, delete, censor, and ban all the wrongthink. thousands upon thousands of comments reviewed and summarily deleted. they could power a small city.


have you ever seen to catch a predator?


since some people picture white folks and some other people picture black folks, it's almost like the term has absolutely nothing to do with race!      incredible!


that's definitely going to happen already 5 copy subreddits got banned after wpd was initially banned.


don't be disheartened, sweaty. there will always be a place for men like you in feminism. what better purpose could there be for a male ally than for him to *use his privilege to dismantle the institutional power that benefits him, and boost the voices of women instead*?      quite a lot of things actually. but hey, don't think for one moment that feminism doesn't have a place for men!


> was i kind to him? well, no.      i'm just wondering what magical words you found to get this type of reaction.  i've gotten more bans than i could even count and have replied with all sorts of insane shit to the modmail.  i think i told one to hurry back to his circlejerk before he missed his cumshower...told another to suck the diarrhea out of my ass with a straw...just whatever craziness happened to pop into my head at the moment that was a bit more creative than telling them to shove their sub up their ass.  but never got suspended.      i guess it depends on what mod it is.


like how french revoluionaries were guillotined themselves for being a menace to society. modern idiots really have no foresight. even when history taught us.


fucked


>r/drama     


psychotic episodes from smoking marijuana, generally feel like i should seek help/research.


there is no death without life, or life without death.       it perpetuates the cycle of life.      if the horror of death is the absence of life, then doesn't that viewpoint automatically bow to the value of life?      you contradict yourself. rethink your nutty worldview.


this actually happened a couple towns away from me. pretty sure it's been confirmed to be gang violence.


oooh, i want to see the devs side. we're closing in on r/quityourbullshit here folks


my sides


they try and fail to copy the right's memes, while claiming the right can't meme.


people who believe this stuff don't think, they just want something to hate. i get it, r/politics is nuts, i read the same stuff you guys do and it is really depressing but it is not a mindset conservatives are somehow immune to and were actually sort of close to matching just a few years ago. if you create echo chambers where dissent is reflexively attacked and buried and dissenters are dehumanized, this is the kind of behavior you get.


i'm loving this new influx of super old dramas.


i was really dissapointed with r/humanporn most of the time.             admittedly the top rated comment currently is rather hot.


y-yeah!      did you know that men play this game?? and there are male characters in it?!      why so patriarchal, gamefreak?


lmfaooo


and shitty behavior toward men (and other women)


k80


mew? i though it could learn any move.


i just love that sushma swaraj, a woman, gave a speech to a coalition of some of the most misogynistic countries out there. ati poetic!


she'd have money to make rent if she stopped buying fake hair every few days


if there's any hope for it to be serious, it should be discussed.


sometimes people aren't looking for advice. as many have said you shouldnt expect a thank you. if you are then you arent being selfless. also replying to something online isnt the same as the examples provided.


mega latias/latios are used over their non mega counterparts.


> " i'm hoping no one will actually read this i just needed to type it out. this sucks ass"      #opps! sorry!      i was already at the end when i saw this.      well, since i did read it... i've formed some questions.      did you recognize your boyfriend in this letter?  that means, was the way she talked about him the way he really is or did it seem like some fantasy person she made up in her head and then went on to attach your boyfriend to it?  if she's not speaking factually, maybe there's nothing to worry about.      how in the world did she come to know and fall in love with your boyfriend??  having written and posted her love letter on reddit makes it seem like an "*online*" romance, i.e. not real.         don't worry, he's with you, not you and if he does change horses in the middle of the stream, then there's also no point in being torn up about it.


in a thread discussing if the world is too sensitive nowadays, one user points out that there were more egregious examples of "sensitivity" in the past, like the 1950s. some users then point out how the good ol' days actually were good and discrimination never happened!


you're right, she certainly went about it the wrong way. but now that it's out there, wouldn't it just be a good idea to say what it was?             i'm not claiming it was a noose, i'm actually leaning towards thinking it's not a noose. but i'm not sure, and it definitely looks out of place, or like someone was doing something that wasn't quite right.


maybe you can't. that's the thing. you can't make anyone happy. that's something they need to discover on their own. they might be able to travel that path while still being in a relationship with you, and they might not be able to. trust yourself and determine what you can handle.       meanwhile, and whatever you decide, try being assertive without being aggressive when it comes to talking with her about how you are feeling. try to take the emotion out of it, while also being compassionate to her needs (she has them, too, and if you care about her, it's best to take those needs into consideration).              i only learned these valuable lessons after the fact. it hurt like a son-of-a-bitch and to be honest, i'm not keen to go through a relationship like that again.  but what i can tell you is that i should have been more insistent that we talk. and if that talk wasn't productive to making me feel valued, i would have asked her to leave. this is something you should consider as well.              take care, my friend.


with dozens of camera in the area. i wonder how long it took them to find the 1 blind spot for the "attack".      so how long before he is hospitalized for exhaustion?


(pacifism) is a privilege black bodies don't have      mlk: am i a joke to you?


without stab i'd go fire blast, flamethrower suits much better for an actual fire-type.


>your words are violence, my violence is self defense


depends on your definition of "baby". a newborn will definitely not eat an apple, but a 16 month old who has several teeth but can't quite talk yet will eat the shit out of some apples.


punctuation is game changer.


> the freedom to choose is something that cannot and should not be infringed upon if this country wants to remain free.       i'll bet every dollar i have and every dollar i'll make for the rest of my life that this person does not believe the "freedom to choose" extends to my choice of which firearm i want to own. any takers?


ashburn, va.


post pain is not very good. i don't know if i'd call it bad fanfic levels, but it's not good.      that said i feel like a sub specifically made for a fanfic community is just going to be mad that their favorite ship sank.


imagine thing hoi 4 as most complex game ever done. sure it more complex then  stellaris and eu4. but that's kind it.


how does someone become a sensitivity reader? it sounds like the easiest job in the world.


fat      ugly      dead


why are you complaining about something that happened to you **five months ago**? your blog was published in september 2018.


huh puerto rico has a higher gdp than hawaii never would have thought that.    [URL]


easy karma when you farm the unemployed.


idk what i'm doing wrong i've been trying so hard


foolish clowns who turn their backs on the ways of god shall all be punished✋✋✋⚡️⚡️⚡️


i've had the odd nasty pm, a couple in the past week. some different accounts, one made a shitty remark against my current username for his account. i've had some action taken against a user who used 4 different accounts in the space of 2 days to harass me, other than that none is the past 2-3 weeks.


actually dude, its a rubber         "thats what i said - isobutylene/isoprene copolymer"         "uh dude, that would be a rubber"         "thats what i said!"         ...         "isobutylene/isoprene copolymer"         ......         "thats what i said!"         .........         "isobutylene/isoprene copolymer"      ............


the same people who cry about chinese censorship are cheering censoring done by muh private companies.        internet went so fast from being 'wild west' to widespread censorship being accepted that i can't imagine how it will look like in another 10-15 years.


what an insightful observation


how do monarchists deal with the royals getting blacked?


the more the admins make this site like facebook, the more it becomes like facebook.      *pikachu_face.jpg.exe*


a lot of it did happen, but obviously some of the impossible feats were hyped up.


i actually don't, i love dogs, i wish we could take them everywhere, i'm just saying it would seem to me that it would be better to find other coping mechanisms to navigate life, just in case you can't bring your dog some where


ty


no, it is just long. a little over 2000 pages. the text is pretty straightforward and all third person. the link below is for the set i have. the translation is solid but the only issue is the spoilers at the start of every chapter.                i honestly wouldn't bother with it unless you are into chinese history and culture or liked the games though.       three kingdoms (chinese classics, 4 volumes) [URL]


summer of '69 kaise mention nahin kiye? for the entire 90s and early 2000s generation in india, this was almost always the first song that was learnt on the guitar.


what a moron. no one cares what razor you use. companies don't sell safety razors anymore because the blades cost basically nothing and it isn't profitable.


pakistan would be best country rn. their economy is booming under rule of their benevolent pm captain imran khan. also he is secular unlike mudi


there is too much going on and it's fucking amazing


it isn't even remotely a noose.       very obviously for some job they do there.       purely functional.


you don't like my music, therefore you must be racist


it's probably the majority of people here. no one ever wants to discuss anything in any of the threads. i think people come to subs like this to rage, and so they just feed off of the anger and make as much drama as they can.


damn           shots fired


[*last night around 7pm our pet rabbit bit my 9 month olds finger. it wasn't just a nip.. my father in law had to prize his jaws open and pull him off her . he's a house rabbit.. he's usually the most friendly rabbit in the world*]([URL]      not pictured: child protective services


he's french. no one can understand why french men have such a powerful effect on women, they just do.


love to meet tumblr's drug dealer


the true outrage about ck products should be the fact that they fall apart after half a year. their bras are comfy but only for so long until they are coming apart at the (glued together) seams


for latinas i can wear bikini. they are hot af.


looks like it's back, with a lot of content from the past week scrubbed.


fuck off peta. i'm vegan and an animal rights activist and peta gives people who genuinely care about animals a bad rep. steve irwin was an incredible man who did so much to help protect wildlife.


> i just work here, man.      is there some kind of keyword search that the bot uses to come up with this stuff?


posted above


quran: page 2002, verse 69 says:          "yá álláh merá-lulla          móóh mey le bádà loùdã          ched karey khullám khullá          puncture bhárey ábdulláh"


boing


you had a therapist at 2?!


convicts are hardly victims of racial oppression though, because they were sent here by other white people. on the other hand, the entire aboriginal population was completely fucked over between 1788 and the 1960s.


i got like two sentences in and yeah burn and salt that earth. fuck that


i know its not directly related but i really just want everyone to have a good laugh at the fact smollett, allegedly, paid for this in check and the police now have that check. two things 1) who uses checks anymore? 2) who would use a check for a crime that isn't directly related to check fraud or whatever?


it really is and i'm just not at all sure what to make of this whole mess!


i think the stats in germany are very similar too if i remember correctly


>i've never heard a logical reason for having kids.      they will also have fun and live      something doesn't have to be 100 percent all good to be worthwhile      this is not some some difficult concept. everyone, including you, prob already know it.


mine hasn't. many won't.


absolutely not me irl


i've seen a few therapists, with varying levels of success. i think the therapies i've had aren't really the kind of thing i need.      i still worry i'll never get over her, it's been this long and she just screwed with my head so badly. i never even considered that she - or anyone - might do the things she did, it was just so weird. i hadn't envisioned the relationship ever ending, much less ending in the way it did.


people still occasionally listen to the doors. demi's entire body of work will be forgotten in 10 years.


a copypasta to surpass all copypastas


nah


doing the work we already have a bot to do


sometimes i wonder if being this fucking stupid is painful if they don't spew it all over the internet


ootl, pls enlighten me?


c o p e


she is, there was a radio show interview a little while ago where the announcer brought up that it's crazy how many porn stars have random ties to sports celebrities or sports in general and brought up her past in porn. of course she got upset and cut the interview short because i think she's trying to distance herself from that.


rip my karma


this is the basis for a bunch of catfish episodes for sure. it's the worst because it's not just someone pretending to be someone they aren't.       it's someone suspecting someone has something to hide or isn't who they say they are, but, when the big reveal comes, we find out they are exactly who they said they were.       it's just that they were being weird because they didn't actually want to meet up in person. they were happy to string along digitally for months or even years because it was never real there.


totally not a mental illness, though.


definitively, it's frustrating because these hate groups make it harder to actually do work in the area. partly because of the stigma associated with it, but also because they are very much against addressing the actual issues.       the other day i was trying to argue in unpopularopinion that male stoicism shouldn't be celebrated or normalised to the point of being dangerous to the healthcare of men. and i got dozens of guys arguing that stoicism and not showing emotions is just normal for men and there's nothing wrong with it.


first of all, i don't know if the girl even wants me as a friend. sometimes she takes one, two days to answer my messages. but she always answers, so i guess she is at least a tiny bit interested in talking to me. otherwise she'd already have ghosted me. however, i do recognise that i might have driven her away a bit by avoiding to see her back then.      i went to a therapist back when i was 17 to talk about this and some other, darker, things. she ended up saying that she didn't treat troubles as bad as mine, gave me another place's number & charged me anyway. i'll never go to a therapist again, since she was not the first one i went to during my life. i went to one when i was 5, another one when i was 12 and another one when i was 14. neither one of them were able to help me at all with the issue i faced at the time (i don't quite remember why i went when i was 5 but the other two times were because of anger management issues).       last year i thought of fixing my anxiety myself with meds since it got really bad (i got to the point of stuttering once when talking to two girls and one guy), but i couldn't find any pharmacy willing to sell them to me without a prescription so i couldn't do anything about it.      i don't know if i like anything about myself. i'm a good friend, i guess? back when i had friends i always stood by their side and always listened to them when they had some sort of problem. but i don't know... i was always the one initiating conversations & when i decided to let them start one i never heard from them again.      and about my life... i don't know. the only things i can come up with are material things such as not having to work like most people my age and having two cars for myself (whereas most people my age have to use public transport) but i guess these don't count. i don't have much going on.


reddit, so beautiful but fierce and unmerciful when theyre "angry"


in the restaurants and public places there are male/female bathrooms, so that's probably what they're adding. gender neutral for public spaces.


big if true


nice reference.


or just play dynasty warriors


best summary:      >the reason it feels so real to you is because you're exactly the type of person who genuinely talks like that - so to you, it's not funny, it just feels like you're being mocked, ***because you are.***      kindda feel bad for laughing at the asshole since he obviously needs professional help.


because it is easier. assholes are drawn to easy.    but here is the thing, it teaches you what not to be.       be a bro, not an asshole   make someones day not wreck it


is it psychopathic to break a deal, knowing hostages might suffer?       it doesn't make the deal better for those he's responsible for, and sounds more like those around him prioritized personal relationships over leadership.      okay, maybe that is a bit psychopathic. doesn't make it the wrong choice.


personal donations are allowed. so is boycotting things you disagree with (until aipac calls bds-ing from israel anti-semitic and gets congress to ban it)


haha that's some pretty funny pas--       oh good lord you're being 100% serious.


i mean california has seen the resurgence of bubonic plague which was eradicated in 59...can you say anything else,lmao.


yeah, there are quite a few people who think that. i'm not sure whether i want to believe it or not, i like the idea that they're listening to the competitive scene, but smogon, ugh, it's miniature fifa.


cant wait for her to go crazy and everyone to screech about misogyny cause based jon is gonna take her out.


salma hayek's also a good guy. she's hilarious in real life. daft as a brush like kate beckinsale. she ain't marrying for money.


i don't get it lol


i need to see choot vol2 with my own sacred eyes


that font tho


the great god eros and aphrodite have seduced mega amounts of people into falsehoods.   one can actually love others without seeing them as sexual conquests or something to feed their lust. sort of like sexual parasites or vampires.


you don't even need the correction for this to be grade a tumblr stupidity. the context does make it sweeter though.


fresh take.


i guess rosa parks was a white privileged women then.


dude got exposed to the truth of this world for so long he got insane.   this truly is a clown world.


man i remember that show. the original japanese production was a blast to watch.


oh shit lol. by the sounds of it i thought it was some himesh reshammiya song.


quint is the indian vox media


his body, his choice?


but they have good noodles.


thor is the strongest avenger though


wait, so you're telling me there are people who spend entire days cleaning up community content, without any monetary compensation? not one penny? they receive no pay for work performed?


honestly dude, don't even bother. talking about lgbtq+  topics in this website overall gets you nowhere only arm-chair activists harassing you for having a different opinion, whenever you see a topic of such nature, just avoid it, really leads nowhere & enjoy your life.


i lived in fascist america before it was cool


wow, the mods and community of that place are usually really respectful. it's sad to see how poorly this is being handled.


i think he's blind.


you were on the right side until you said this, then all went to hell


i don't get this "trump is rayciss" nonsense.  say what you want about him but what the fuck has he done or said that is racist?!


the world's elephant population has been in a dramatic decline for the last several decades from poachers, human-elephant conflicts, and profiteers. they are in danger all over the world. in africa, 100 elephants are killed every day for their ivory. that number is increasing yearly. 2015 was the first year when the number of elephants being killed was more than those being born. if this disparity continues, african elephants could face extinction within our lifetime. in asia, though poaching for ivory is a serious problem as well, elephants are also being killed for their skin. whereas in africa only elephants with ivory are killed, every asian elephant is a target for their skin which means that they could face extinction sooner than african elephants. additionally, in asia, many elephants are facing an unnatural and cruel life by also being kept in captivity for a variety of purposes: logging, tourism, cultural and religious activities, and transportation.


the power scaling in dbz was worse, but it was always about grinding to get stronger except for the reveal that goku was a saiyan. in naruto, the whole series is about this dude working as hard as he can to be the best (although he's the hokage's son, but he doesn't know that and everyone still treats him like dookie), but all of a sudden it's about how naruto had an op mom as well and his the reincarnation of the world's greatest ninja or some shit, and he was actually destined for greatness instead of working for it.


who is that guy they're staring at?


a more reasonable example would be chicken tenders because a significant number of adults can't kill, skin and dress an animal prior to eating it.


then why aren't their menus in chinese ?


i have responded to the lengthier, well thought out comments . because i appreciate the feedback, even if it is negative. and for the 50th time, i don't respond seeking validation or recognition but i think it is a common courtesy to thank someone for their input when you are seeking advice.


plymouth rock landed on me!!!


i truly feel for you. i am in a rut too and i think about ending it all sometimes. the good times come back tho.. i know because i got out of a deep rut a few years ago. circumstances have put me back in one, but the good times do come back.... please have hope and keep living.


run? not if you're that size, honey.


straight pride is just like the "it's okay to be white" thing. it's not what's actually being advocated for, it's just meant to show how massively hypocritical, sexist, and racist people who get offended by it are.


can we just turn off the internet?


already here.


if you're looking for a response you are replying for the wrong reason


press s to spit on europe.


does there really have to be a bloody tampon?


way to ruin a good joke with overthinking! lol.


not really. what about people like me, who believe in equality but do not identify as feminists or have anything to do with the cause? am i a misogynist simply because i don't want to get involved?


just wait until they discover the cum jars.


and bussy


she's talking about a double edge safety, not a straight.  make the switch, it's great.


what exactly are the criticisms of epics launcher?


damn straight people and their...*spins wheel*... art


just make it "ns" for "not straight."


>is anything unproblematic at this point?      communism. it can commit literally any atrocity, and it'll still be regarded as the solution to all the world's problems.


nah. it was always burning, since the world's been turning.


>as a darqwolff alt      like actually or does this just mean "i'm a pedo"


it's a standard uk style insult


sonic's arms are tan not blue


and then when someone challenges them by saying that treating trans people differently is transphobic by using the example of two identical people with one being trans and one not. just proceeding to argue constantly for many comments then eventually saying "but they always leave scars", so they don't even have to address the question after failing to argue against it.


[[URL]


i respect the fuck out of jimmy fallon for actually still being a comedian in an age where people like steven colbert make the same trump jokes over and over again just to get people to watch him


they're closely linked, but different.


if the sexes were reversed the post would already have 16k upvotes. sad world we live in


thank you.


apparently either i've been elf pilled or i've elf pilled someone, whatever that means


probably one of the following      /r/politics      /r/topmindsofreddit      /r/chapotraphouse      /r/california      /r/oakland      /r/alameda      /r/bayarea      /r/sanfrancisco      /r/thebluepill      /r/twoxchromosomes      /r/againsthatesubreddits      pretty much all totally homogeneous moonbat echo chambers. no diversity of thought allowed whatsoever


a friend of mine who lives in france had a teacher who started a fundraiser for the notre dame fire. he raised a couple hundred  euro, as some had already donated to a separate fundraiser, or simply didn't want to. but the reason why he did it still warms my heart.      when asked why he simply said "my daughters favourite film is the hunchback of notre dame, i promised her i'd take her to it. im not going to let her see some rubble, i want her to see the place she saw in the film so i'll do whatever i can to help"      and still i think some girl is so lucky to have him as  her dad


every day, bro


yeah i'm kinda used to the whole, "everyone block xy's number so xy can't trick you into letting xy in!" type shit.


i read the first couple sentences, then checked which sub i was on before downvoting. i *still* had to make a significant effort not to downvote anyway once i finished reading this garbage. you don't talk shit on steve irwin. you just don't.


cringe as fuck


go to youtube and search for his recent interview and watch for yourself how he answers the questions. i think you can come to your own conclusion based on that


nobody cares for notre dame anyway


> piracy only helps game sales because i can try it before i buy   >    > or   >    > game not on steam, so i'm going to pirate it to hurt the developers      neither of these seem to be anything of what people are saying. the best statement would be       "game not available convinently for me, guess i'll pirate and wait for it to come out on another platform or simply not buy it." so i'm going to say that option wins.      non-americans seem to forget other countries often have a difficult time purchasing games.


is this a copypasta?


enjoy having a huge negative gdp growth rate


nearly two weeks after "empire" star jussie smollett claimed he was the victim of a racist, homophobic attack, cops have yet to identify any suspects — and some people in his tony chicago neighborhood are growing skeptical.


i'm not vegan but even i know enough to toss in some beans and maybe quinoa to get that sweet sweet protein.


happy cake day btw


maach khud ke sub ke links toh allow kar de automodi


bengal aur kerala main       as i said before by 2050 india will become a muslim majority region and we kashmiri muslim brahmins rule it, kashmir, bengal and kerala will convert india to dar ul islam.        -jahandost


>you seem to think this is a subreddit that will support you in being a disgusting weeb pedo.      nah, i was just very surprised this wasn't posted yet, and decided to provide the good people of this sub there beloved drama.


i left my wife and kids      ...a healthy breakfast before i went to the office in the morning


anyone notice the tv?


first of all your parents don't want you, doesn't mean they don't love you but i feel like they rather live alone. sorry to say this to you but it's a fact that you have to accept. now, with that said you have to get away from them quick. i did and it literally saved my life. anyways, my best advice would be to tolerate them till you can get a job and live somewhere else cause for now to do anything that will feel like change you would need a new place to stay, a car (not necessary), and a job to have money and those take time. hope you're doing okay op fuck those narcissists.


virat hindustan


[bakchods watching comedians trying to jump the fence]([URL]


i know sometimes it's hard to see a therapist. time,money or transportation. i've felt like you have, especially when i was younger. my father had the same responses as yours, and my mother passed away as a child. i was severely depressed and suicidal at points in my life. my father would not let me speak to anyone, so in turn i found books at my library. self help books. i had trouble communicating so i wrote alot. about everything. i can tell you this is only a chapter and your life is a book. there will be more chapters.  this time of your life will pass.  it wasnt till later in life that i realized i had the power of choice. my happiness was mine.    anyway, i'm sorry you're feeling this pain.   i hope your chapters are full of more love and happiness.   btw, i stopped having a relationship with my father for almost 10 years now. i wish him the best, but he was toxic and only made me feel horrible. sometimes that's what it takes.


daily reminder that the [theory of autogynephilia](\[URL] remains largely irrefuted in the scientific community.


fuck! i never looked it at that way!       thanks buddy you changed my mind.


why don't they fucking do it. they bitch about it, their detractors tell them it's fair. so fucking do it instead of bitching.


no. we can disagree with a black persons politics without calling them a token. but when you make your game off of being " the black female conservative" you are literally tokenizing yourself.


you moronic satsuma


dennis rodman?


full thread: [URL]      plenty of popcorn when sorted by controversial.      questionable mathematics and portion control can be found here: ([URL]      "miserable will be you on chemo": ([URL]      an avant-garde approach to arguing for veganism is attempted: ([URL]      a thought-experiment for the ages: ([URL]


those colors don't look like icecream so maybe sorbet


> i.. i don't get what they are spun about? is it because they didn't specifically mention the eleven gender combinations who aren't biologically women but might menstruate?       i think that was the point, yes to try and say 'not all' to include trans people.


she's trying to brag about her being from a third world country but still being educated and i assume she also feel that her fellow third world natives are inferior to her.is this still the year 1950 with nehru in power


m'lady must be treated like a queen before i am graciously allowed access to her undercarriage.


thanks for the update. surprised your post has lasted this long tbh.      this will not be swept under the rug.


cool, like i even care lmao


lit


the guy with the nukes?


i believe the word you are looking for is elaborate, and yes i'd love to.       actually, i already made a good post on the subject here: [URL]      there are some other good comments further down as well. i'd be happy to answer any questions.


is it just me, or has there been an increase in people using some variant of "this isn't facebook!" to be...well, assholes?             also, totally unrelated, but...      >uwu      this gives me ptsd-style flashbacks of last year's april fools 'round these parts.


feelings man, feelings. they mean more than facts at times.


we're not doing violence, it's just a milkshake. we won't escalate it.      *next week...*      "beat them with lead pipes!"


strawest man to ever straw


> i think that reddit will go eventually.      maybe. buzzfeed is still here to stay. just depends if the buzzfeed moms will stay (at reddit) or not.


true that. he was also the most successful warlord during his time period.


[r/subredditcancer/wiki/src\_alternate\_subs]([URL]


there is no where to go. voat could be the platform but your right, its a hub for alt-right racists. really it needs an injection of normal people that are disillusioned with reddit to dilute out all the right wing bullshit.


most of reddit is


sometimes, the "mix & match" approach to society building produces fails like this.       you can't eat your cake and have it too, germany!      but i feel i need to highlight gaslighting comment of the day      > eh, it's just increased media coverage on these things. if you look at the numbers behind it, sexual assault crimes are actually decreasing in germany.      for one generation you pause eugenics and this what happens.


got a removeddit or ceddit link?


> in the day and age of everyone carrying google in their pocket      having a device that gives you the most popular (and therefore likely wrong) answer to any question is not a positive.


>inbreeding is only bad if your pro eugenics btw      because only those who dream of the übermensch want their children to be born without deformities.


overwatch in particular. voice communication makes things so much easier. it's quick and helpful. but i have a very high and soft voice. people think it's fake. so, instead of communicating all game, i either get ignored, or i get to listen to people make fun of me, call me obnoxious, cringey, etc. for something i can't control. people tell me to just leave or not join voice chats in the first place.. but again.. i want to communicate. i want to make things easier. have faster call outs, etc., but i instead just get to listen to 2-5 other people humiliate me when i'm trying to enjoy myself playing a game that i like to play.


just sounds pleasent to me. i dont get to hear that accent a lot so its nice. at least in my opinion


what kind of parenting and influence do these children have to be raping people at 12?      when i was 12 i was debating people about sonic the hedgehog games on the internet and playing with my 3ds. i barely even knew how sex worked. i can't wrap my head around that


its cultural apropriation!!!


because if you can't hit something with whatever they used then a shotgun is going to make it way harder.


not to mention there's much cheaper ways to give birth. you can hire those professional doula birth women for 500 bucks who are always stationed near a hospital if by some 0.01% chance anything goes wrong. hospitals and insurance are always far too expensive for birthing. like seriously of course your hospital bill is 10 grand you're surrounded by an army of doctors at all times in the country with the number 1 health satisfaction. you get what you pay for.


dude, that's an old-timey expression.


glampgo brungus is **imposing penalties** on people who actively attempt to damage infrastructure?!?! oh, woe is me!


essentially liu bei is generally portrayed as a benelovent leader who highly values his men, which is why even tho he is likely the least capable of the major warlords, he has the best men working under him. like, the quality of generals and tactician he has access to is just insanely stacked.       zhaoyun is a legendary general. he is not as famous as lu bu in the west, but he is far more famous of a character in east asia and is basically a lu bu tier martial warrior that is the perfect knight. think galahad. from arthurian legends. the way he is potrsyrd, dude is as invincible of a warrior as lu bu, but without the treachery.       so he risked his life and fraught through a whole army single handed to get his lord's son back. liu bei was so touched by his action that he felt nothing could be worth risking such a loyal man of talent. him throwing his son to the ground is an outburst of emotion over how grateful he is to the general. he didn't actually throw him, he got stopped in time (or zhao yun caught the baby). either way, a baby wasn't hurt      literary analysis of the scene is actually pretty interesting, since there is a school of thought that presumes liu bei to be a master manipulator. a guy who knows how to get the best people to be loyal to him. from that perspective, he did what he did to put on a show for zhao yun.      also, remeber that romance of the 3k basically fiction.


title should've been *providing*


>i wouldn't know, i saw something about 'nba' and i assume that's soccer. i only watch interesting high art. it's just stuff with balls. not for me, but you might get a dopamine kick (primitive) from it. not my thing (i want to be challenged by art)      this level of trolling is art


r/witcher crossposting from r/gamingcirclejerk. that's a bold strategy, cotton.


global warming and the revival of facsism.


everyone's getting awards. can i get one?


its pretty funny how whenever someone brings up a topic that dude has incredibly relevant life experience, the trans military ban, he's in the military, lgbtq people getting murdered, his friend got murdered in front of him (for being white). its possible for everything he says to be true, but not especially likely


somebody find out how it actually went. i must know.


peetal


imagine taking internet racism this seriously


i ain't a republican but 20 bucks is 20 bucks.


d i v e r s i t y


sounds vaguely vegan.


>plus it's a fucking lie that your dog is going to get heat stroke from an 8am walk      have you been to phoenix?


remember when there was a catholic priest ranting about jews and supporting fascism in the 30s and he got kicked off the air unceremoniously? the good old days, when america was fascist.


bad words on the internet about trans people?  ∞ people


non-lgbt guy here but i've noticed this bizarre controversy where... lgt, or even lg i guess, people take issue with bi people being a real thing. it's bizarre.      edit: meant to say lgt and lg, not lbt and lb


what you think would be better for a bunch of strangers you don't know is irrelevant. you are not the arbiter of what's best for people. doctors are.


it's not even good coffee at that.


someone's butthurt


>dnc or whoever can get the social media companies to do their bidding      the media company *was* "correct the record" and is called shareblue now (because roaches have to constantly hide). their army of trolls and pro-dnc shills have been given $40 million+ since 2016 to astroturf places like reddit. this is why the russiagate hoax posts in the news subs would get 20k upvotes in 15 minutes...every day...for over a year.      >[correct the record's "barrier breakers" project boasts in a press release that it has already "addressed more than 5,000 people that have personally attacked hillary clinton on twitter." the pac released this on thursday. the pac was created in may of last year when it was spun off from the american bridge superpac, which is run by longtime hillary and bill clinton supporter david brock. brock also founded the left-wing media watchdog website media matters for america.]([URL]


the best part about snark sites is that eventually the users eat each other alive. gomi is one of the great examples since there was a whole ass schism. pretty ugly little liars is 70% users fighting each other about whether they're being too hard or not hard enough on random internet chicks pretending to be asian. lipstick alley is full of "you're just a secret stan/does this biracial actor even count as black" drama.


in a republic you have a sovereign, usually it's the president of that nation. i think you mean absolute sovereign. although i think absolute monarchy is a bit of a misnomer, usually these monarchies had like a thousand bizarre ancient rituals and medieval traditions that restricted their power. the more absolutist monarchs pushed back against these, but even the most extreme pretty much never established a situation where their will was unquestionable and always respected law. at best they made pretensions of such while usually being ignored.


>i believe she should have been burned at the stake.      salem called, they want their prosecution back.


it's complete bullshit that r/politics are scrubbing the sub of this because it is a story.      > why does the extreme left seems to be more violent and more prevalent than the thing they stand against.       but this is demonstrably untrue. there were the 12 mail bombing attempts last year. multiple synagogues, mosques, and black churches shot up in the last ~5 years. counter protestor died at charlottesville. has anyone been killed by antifa? what other serious violence can you point to by them aside from this incident? ofc it should be taken seriously but your statement is simply not true, if you want to make a point do it using facts.      > i don't see actual nazis      [really?]([URL]      [are you sure about that?]([URL]      [totally positive?]([URL]      [100%?]([URL]      [should i keep going?]([URL]      [if this isnt enough]([URL]      [just google "neonazi news"]([URL]      [and it should be]([URL]      [pretty clear]([URL]      [that there is]([URL]      [an issue.]([URL]         # btw, these are all from about the last two weeks.      edit : broken link      edit2 : can someone ***please*** explain to me why i'm getting downvoted for this? someone made a claim and i am laying down facts to refute it. what is the issue with my comment?


this is my theory:       they did it right before the debate because they didn't want people searching for "dnc debate reddit" and finding the t_d thread mocking them.


>nyt is definitely not center, they're center-right at best, actively right biased at times.      what the fuck.


join a telugu whatsapp group noobde. telugu and gujjus are your friends for all things indian.


[URL]      they weren't meant to be just cannon fodder, they were there to essentially shore up man-power shortages, the guy who orchestrated it essentially tried to zerg rush vietnam with superior numbers. problem of course for anyone who knows what a zerg rush is, is that it leads to a lot of dead people and the project was discontinued. there is even a name for this line of thinking when it comes to trying to solve a problem purely by spreadsheet: [URL]


i'm honestly at a loss for words


but...you guys overcomplicated it when you took what op was saying and made it into something that it isn't.


white people and their *shuffles deck* sense of humor!!!


i legitimately cannot fathom the mental hoops they have to jump through to reach that conclusion. i swear those people get off on roleplaying this shit.


i don't get it


i don't care for the submissive peeing, myself.


because it does electric explosions and somehow beat onyx in the cartoon.      pokedex: ash, electric type is ineffective against rock type. it doesn't work. now, you've got a butterfree which has some modifier moves and the psychic move "confusion", which might actually work against brock's rock type pokémon. so, given that electric type is completely useless against rock type, which pokemon are you going with?      ash: pikachu


f


this is why i, an alien who built the pyramids to escape the nürnberg trials, watch the history channel


ten bucks she actively jumps in the way of random men and then complains when the men don't notice.


or you could just play thedynasty warriors games and come away with a completely ridiculous idea of what happened, who died, and  and the weapons people used. i'm pretty sure one of the characters in that game just beats people to death with a boat.


the irony is these people genuinely think they're intelligent and when they say dumb shit like this, it just highlights how clueless and out of touch they really are bc they don't get outside


time to dust off the [old classic]([URL]


sure, there's the whole link/lorne partition, and the soft/crusty schism, but *neither*? <shudders>


how long has that been a thing?


what if i'm not fat


it's hard to answer that, because noah has never been funny.


the very last """meme""" that the left made to my knowledge was some facebook-tier image of shrek with impact font that just said "workers rights" that's it. no joke or punchline just shrek and an attempt at a communist message (i think). it was terrible.


jesus is a king...


>i'm talking about things that actually existed, not theory.      so you're not talking about marxism. it's literally theory.


bhai the same logic can be applied for anime , jojo bhaiya.


sorry dude, if they didn't link to the post/comment that got you suspended, then you'll never know for sure because it sounds to me like they did an ip check on your ass.       you got to be careful with alot of subs. you never know which one has an admin alt account that is a mod.


the reason women's razors are worse is because most women don't want to be seen buying a men's razor. just buy men's razors and you will be fine


i'm sorry you had friends that were so awful, they are not stepping back and thinking how that actually would affect someone's life. i'm sure at 8 they were playing hide and seek and tag, and not exposed to anything remotely like what you went through.       i really hope you seek help, it isn't easy, but the best think is to take care of your mental health (and all health in general)


one of his most valiant general named zhao yun ran through enemy lines to rescue his baby, almost losing his life, liu bei threw the baby to show that he is upset that zhao yun would risk his own life for his son. to liu bei , he can have another son but he won't be able to find another warrior like zhao yun.


here's where i think the distinction lies - i may be wrong, and call me out if you want, but here goes:      so, believe all victims is a good and noble idea at a basic level.  when a victim of a crime comes forward, the people that they trust should absolutely support them, and help them get help and try to make it as easy as possible to get the police involved - not necessarily influence them to go to the authorities, but that's where crimes *should* go, for a number of reasons.      this becomes a less tenable position when a) the justice system gets involved and b) when there are real world consequences for leveling an accusation.      with the jussie smollett case, we see both of those in play.  when the police investigation unfolded, they were able to put forth compelling evidence against his claim.  the second set is more nuanced, but this is how i see it:  his claims had a major effect to divide the country.  seeing these claims would have such an effect, it gives us good reason to scrutinize his story.  when we scrutinize the story, we find some major holes (two maga people out after 2 in intensely cold weather, in chicago, apparently knowing where smollett was, and being prepared for that confrontation, his refusal to hand over his phone, he walked home and waited 40 minutes or so before calling the police) and we have a good reason to step back a bit from the narrative and wait for an investigation to conclude before deciding.      in short, believe all victims is a good idea, but it becomes more nuanced when there are real consequences that may hurt or jail others, at which time we should scrutinize the story or let the professionals do their job.


chinese restaurant owners want a word with this guy.


it's so big that it contains several bacterial and fungal microbiomes.


when i first played dynasty warriors, i picked wu.  i loved the sun family. i always thought it was kind of weird that their story ended very differently than shu and wei.  and they weren't in some of the later battles.      finally i read about the actual history and i think he just found the royal seal in a well and decided he'd be a king too. until they were eventually defeated.       then i started liking shu... until i read more about lei bei.  finally, i was like "these guys are all kind of shit heads, in their own ways."


i was making another joke on top of your joke.


hmm.. makes sense. he actually had one when hulk snaps his finger.


i'm pretty sure it's fake, don't worry. tampons don't look like that.


this is trash


i want him to wear something like [this]([URL] i am quite a bit into the small government thing, but if anybody should he a dictator then it should he somebody with a cyborg eye.


right! this whole thing reminds me of certain denominations that have split and splintered numerous times over sometimes trivial issues.


[this is great]([URL] [mayopeople]([URL] btfo!


skinner-pathetic.jpg


mfw a mudi bhakt insults behen mayawati


the code of hammurabi was the original horseshoe theory


i'm suprised nobody has mentioned r/politicalhumor here, which is just a massive anti-trump circlejerk


>that kanna      ( ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ)﻿  


the last time this sub was featured on r/drama the top mod went here and argued with everyone for hours.


internalized rascismm, all mexicans and latinx should think the same!!!!!


disclaimer: i like star wars      star wars is (should be) for 12 old boys, and if other people like it then that's a bonus.       [according to george lucas]([URL]       i have great fun teasing my *star wars* obsessed friends that "it's a kids movie" in the same way i love to point out the scientific flaws in star trek


main comment chain:      [URL]      for a woman who framed drama of disturbing rape support centered subreddits, madam quixadashani shows her higher morality...by throwing in false accusations card, because the victims might be men and cardi b is "a successful women of color"      [URL]      "it's ok when a woman does it"      [URL]      "you must be a neckbeard mra if you care about this. again, it's ok because cardi b is a woman"      [URL]      "we shouldn't punish this strong black woman or compare her to any male criminal, she was just a poor stripper y'all" equal rights y'all"      [URL]      "supporting male victims is a sign of misogyny and if you say otherwise, ur wrong, because a whiteknight defended me. cardi b is a black woman, she can't rape"      [URL]      only mras care about male rape victims 2.0. by our lovable lolcow.      [URL]      [URL]


if he doesn't replace the roll, he probably doesn't care it's on backwards. i def appreciate the spite but you're probably only hurting yourself.


have they tried the power of friendship? it seems to work perfectly unless they're in the tournament finals.


damn this whole thread is r/murderedbywords


march madness infinity war?


thurki did it.  


was it easy to move from that to other kinds of penetration?


and it's always (or seems to be always)for his race


ironic


i just play with pokémon i like lol      although i respect competitive pokémon, i kind of hate how out of 800 or something pokémon, only a dozen are ever viable in the meta.      i remember c.h.a.l.k.


i'm useless, but not for long.   the future is coming on.


these aren't funny, they just tie incoherent nonsense to homosexuality


fbi or cia or fsb etc.


girl dick


anon prepares americans for war


if she's brilliant and has a great degree from a great school then she shouldn't be a bartender in her late 20's, right?      so, yeah, i agree.


we don't want exclusives on pc      "what about games only on steam? aren't they exclusive?"      *head explodes*


a bs in gender studies?      there is no way that is true. aren't genders studies degrees ba?


this is because hindus don't unite in protest for a cause. jews and muslims vigorously protest when they feel their sentiments are hurt. that is one thing we must learn from them. we should start a full protest against netflix this time. it will show everyone the consequences of propagating hinduphobic bullshit.


it's not a novella, it's a novel. perhaps they're spanish speaker? novel is "novela" in spanish.


especially since it's been there for 25 years prior and no one has said a word about it before this


and a lawyer


don't be a het cis scum! smh...


indeed they are also no true scotsmen.


local chicago reporter tracked down surveillance video of the osundairo's buying supplies before "attack"


i mean, it's not. nothing is an excuse for piracy. people can't seem to fathom that they aren't entitled to playing the games they want to play.


this is weak bait ps, besides i thought yang was the neet candidate


anon >


/r/ladyshavers/ for the ladies, and /r/wicked_edge or /r/wetshaving for the gents.


what has the pokemon company been using pikachu to tell people?      like...i'm curious what this person thinks pikachu is even brainwashing people into.


you first.


man sex is good and can mean drama i've fuxked myself to death and it's fun but you can get burnt out on it for a while we're it's something your supposed to do instead of desire to do it but give it a few days right back at it as sands threw the hour glass as is days of our love life lol


if you want some nice sfw content try /r/carsfuckingdragons. /s


i carry a glock® 40 (model 40, not a .40 caliber) just for killing pitbulls. it's a longslide pistol and chambered for 10mm auto. you might think that's overkill to put down these fell beasts, considering they don't get past 60lbs, but what the longslide glock® 40 provides is unprecedented range.      in real world conditions, i wouldn't be confident in hitting a pibble sized target past 30 yards with a 9mm and iron sights, but when i'm throwing 180gr slugs at well over 1200 feet per second, i'll reach out and touch that pibble at 100 yards, easy. the modular optic system on the rear of the slide is a god-send, providing quick and accurate targeting on a small, fleeting target. in an urban environment, cover and concealment are everywhere, so the first shot may likely be the only clean shot you get. the ballistics of the 10mm auto out of a 6.02" barrel are almost unrivaled in semi-automatic pistols, and at 100 yards it's still going plenty fast to properly open the hollow-points i use, and it has a flat trajectory so i barely have to compensate for drop.      it's important to choose the right tools, and when it comes to protecting my city from the pibble menace, i choose glock®. perfection.


you're never going to be a millionaire and the millionaires want you to serve them or die. stop worshipping them it will never do you any good


ive got nothin but righhteous rage for captain jack sparrow.


yes, the worst jokes in the world will always be fine. you shouldn't punish someone for a joke.


i'll ruin your buzzwords by taking them as compliments!


i watch chinese cartoons and i still dont know


headache-inducing.


its all about the oppression ladder really. if you're higher up(down?) you win the standard.


lobsters have hierarchies and they've been around for millions of years...that's basically it.


not at all. like to the level of "most people don't even know it's related to a disability".


he sucks


oc?


i completely understand where you are coming from. you shouldn't feel stupid for being used, she should feel stupid for using you. i know its hard to think that way when you're mad at yourself for giving in to her, but you clearly think more of her than she does of herself. you deserve better, you sound as if you are idealizing her. i too have had strong connections with pieces of shit, we have a great time together and its exciting and awesome but when the idea of the person isnt matched by their actual personality reality sets in that maybe it's all one sided. it's a blunder, just move forward with your life and see if you can find someone who actually wants to put in effort.   i'm stoned i apologize for rambling and if it doesnt make sense i apologize for that too.


meh retaking europe is in my blood aka the battle of tours


the "fake reports make real ones harder to believe" narrative is such a cop out.  fake reports get the traction they do because people are too quick to believe all reports.  apply a little critical thinking to the stories you hear and you'll be able to get a pretty good idea which ones are real or fake.  save the internet outrage for stories you know are real, and the fake ones won't have any negative impact on the real ones.


you're fighting the wrong fight.      i used the pizza as a corollary to his logic that "global warming impact would cause bad experience = bad ergo the life of any child born = bad".


no one wants to date the "sick girl"


/s <-- i sure hope this is yours.


all conservatives are either dumb or evil. all republicans are either ignorant or malicious. all red votes are submitted by morons and/or bad people. very simple, like the right. [+58] r/politicalhumor


toss that shit in the break room microwave and get some day's off work.


and if they weren't deleted, people would have hallucinated the missing sources? i don't get it.      like /r/science straight-up banning humor, it just seems to be up its own ass for no reason but some strange parental high.


so... not being cool with calling black people tokens for disagreeing with you is racist? til


whats this secret nazi message nintendo is spreading tho? they just put it together so i figure theyd at least mention it


uh, yes i have a question      did you strive to be this stupid or were you born this way?


>milkshakes aren't a precursor to or tantamount to violence      >this


yes hes very old to still be rapping, people say hes the tom brady of music


that's right jessica, if someone does something you don't like , they're doing it purely to piss you off in particular.


it's sexist to not give one woman all of the credit for the work of more than 200 people.


mcdoubles only on the first date tho.


dawww, look he's trying to get his bullshit spread on another sub.      he was a good boy who done no wrong, as long as you don't look at his user history.


[URL]      [URL]      edit: why this got downvoted tho


can't wait for more drama here


> the media blows up a problem that really doesn't happen      nonononononononno!      i think atheists can be jerks, but this is precisely the kind of comment i think i'd find there if i went.      but the catholic church has had a bad problem for a long time.      now swim lessons at the y are places kids get molested?      if the y catches someone molesting a kid... they call the cops.      the catholics did not.  the moved the offenders to smaller parishes.      i'm christian... but the sex abuse scandal in the catholic church is something that did happen and no, it's not the same as everywhere else.      for the record:  poster ended up being an abusive troll.


thanos car      thanos car


within the first two days at every job i've ever worked at, i knew where every camera was in my store/shop.  what a dolt.


modiji in his peak youth


it most definetly is your fault. that doesn't mean you should feel bad about it, but you should still take responsibility for your actions if it was consensual. good luck.


yep. communism can only live so long as capitalism exists somewhere. eventually, they'll run out of something due to lack of innovation, although, with the current mob supporting infanticide, i guess population control wouldn't be difficult.


stop telling everybody! they'll get the idea that we might be doing the right thing!


anyone else remember when steam was simply the logon application to play half life multiplayer modes? those were good simples. simple times.


that's not a joke, that's one of his rare baste seriousposts.


but what about the ______


it is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both. cao cao's character is greatly informed by his orders and actions, alternately being merciful or merciless, generous or greedy, piously adoring or rebelliously denouncing his superiors as is most expedient in the shrewdness of the moment. he simply has no underlying morality, though this is not unique among the novel's main characters. what may make cao so infamous is not only how successful this made him, but also that he made fewer oblations to filial piety part of his core public identity. his greatest rivals, the suns and wu, the yuans, shu, all make high profile acts of familial devotion and their close relationships (also often quite shrewd) pr talking points everywhere, cao cao does not bother except as necessary and expedient.       for example, shu plays a constant shell game of political heat between the oath brothers and they become masters at it. the most notable time cao does something similar is at the very end of his life, where he orchestrates a quick shuffle with his son where cao cao formally deposes the emperor and installs cao pi shortly before his death, then the new emperor posthumously pardons and recognizes his father as the actual first emperor of their dynasty.


yeah, a good writer would have been able to include it. they wouldn't have to tell us. of course, rowling has always been overrated.


i'm on a business trip rn and i'm so homesick for my kids. i'm someplace that i really like going to. the trip is going well. everything falling into place. i just needed to acknowledge that i miss them so freaking much.


this would be embarrassing regardless of what fictional source it derived from.


the people that want to do the "straight pride parade" are white supremacists though that's what this is about...       [URL]


ha they spelled pyrocynical wrong


i would never, ever give any moderator of reddit the slightest bit of personal information about myself.      just an fyi.


um, so i watched a documentary about general tso's chicken like 3 years ago and it mentioned how most chinese food in the u.s. is americanized including fortune cookies and general tso's chicken. so where is the cultural appropriation, and where is the "gathering point for local chinese people" in a restaurant industry that was adapted by chinese people to be more likable for a wider range of people.


not cool man, too soon.


are you allowed to link posts on here that you've already brigaded on?


my unkils whatsapp profile pic today


i don't even think that "no balls" is a valid move in the first place.


too much wrongthink in the convo. they have to stop it before it grows.


false


jareagan - i love feminism


using her words out of context.       important detail.


i always wondered where we white latinos place in the oppression pyramid.      ...do they even know we exist?


mod bans shitposting in pink floyd shitpost subreddit.


real talk lets get un woke


if the issues with interbreeding was such an issue we would have so many more problems in the middle east and such because cousin marriages over there aren't that unusual (which as an arab living in the usa was weird until i read it's like a 2% or something increase in birth defects for cousin marriages) and mostly a result of the arranged marriages stuff.       it's almost always when you have siblings or parent-child and that's more of a risk of recessive traits being amplified. it's the successive and repeated incest that usually is what causes major problems. cousin marriages only increase the chances of birth defects from 2%-3% to 6%-7%       the focus on birth defects usually are mislead and unfortunately changes the discussion from "these marriages are bad because of power dynamic" to "its bad to the child's health" which tends to ignore basic genetics and biology and weakens the argument.       [URL]


i'm genuinely scared of aoc.


idk, ops characterization seems accurate to me.


keep in mind, simple =/= easy


unless someone's been murdered, i usually take alleged hate crimes with a grain of sugar and a grain of salt. the guy said he was attacked, okay. then the details seemed fishy, so i considered that perhaps it was a real attack but he falsified the details.      as the days passed it seemed more and more unlikely that white maga people were behind it, but i still kept that under consideration because, as the people on /r/politics say, "truth is stranger than fiction". but at this point? there's no believing that narrative.


lmao.


the whole "reeeeee" thing is also connected to autism ("autistic screeching") but a ton of people don't realize that (or some of them just don't care and will try to tell you it's a 4chan joke).


when the first milkshakes where hurled i said at the time; "this will escalate. next it will be bricks."      apparently i spoke too soon because bricks have been thrown at candidates in the uk.


lol that's literally what he's arguing when it comes down to it.


you may not seem to care about karma, but you certainly jump to save face lmao


i mean, that sucks that you got raped by harvey weinstein, but women all over the world are raped for hours every single day. you should really raise awareness about trafficking instead. also flint still doesn't have clean water and you should consider your privilege as a white person.


you'd quickly find yourself in trouble with the law, and not having much of a business left tbf


jesus fucking christ. i'm all for body positivity and being comfortable with your own weight, but if you don't like the fact that some people are thinner than you, either lose weight or shut the fuck up.


this is toxic masculinity- the same belief system that entitles men to women's bodies on demand also can never cast a male in the role of victim. your very existence threatens this which is why you get this reaction. toxic masculinity hurts all of us, i'm sorry for what happed to you.


he speaks emotively... not descriptively.


when i was in 6th grade, people were into metallica almost exclusively. and guns and roses.


you're talking about a police department that had to disband their version of swat because they were committing burglaries in their off hours. a department where the cops feel so entitled that an off duty cop beat the shit out of a female bartender for cutting him off and no one dared intervene. a department where 10 years of convictions are being overturned for one district because they committed torture. this isn't blm, police suck bullshit. this is a department that has some serious cultural issues that need to be addressed. i would say cpd is where nypd was in the serpico days.


you're preaching to the choir. the far left is unfortunately way more populous. they're the progressives.


[they've placed that desmond kid as a spokesperson for their new line for the lgbt community]([URL]      merciful god...


they aren't even attacking the right people, it's the suburban families you should be hating.       you know, mr. and mrs. jones, the blandest, most basis family ever. everything is to the status quo in their little town, and nothing ever goes wrong.


the future will always see the past as barbaric.


i have no judgement on post time skip naruto because i just never bothered to follow it but the sasuke retreival arc holds up. best opening too.


banned 10 minutes ago. yikes.


poor baby :(. you couldn't have known from just the fact that she wasn't playful that she was sick, everything else pointed otherwise and you were a good caretaker.


you're still a piece of shit if you try to get someone in trouble for eating at work.      it's not like she was standing over people's food eating a sloppy joe.


i had one guy harassing me for days, no action againt him whatsoever. not even a response.


italians are black its ok


i know, it's a very dehumanizing term. it really is a collectivist mindset, black people aren't individuals, they don't have their own thoughts and feelings, they're just a bunch of mounds of flesh that all think the same. if i was black, i would be furious at these kinds of people.       i despise collectivism, it is the cancer killing modern society.


pm me


///please dont delete i have no idea what this line does but if you remove it it breaks thank you


[URL] is the new one i think


3 of 5 listed are dominated by women. what are you talking about?


cao cao the hobbit king of three kingdoms


it's kind of refreshing honestly, if nothing else it shows that the series has had a lasting impact on them. too many subs for shows just straight up die once it ends.


the last few seasons were obviously garbage but i had hope for this one because they were supposed to be giving us grrm's ending. played myself i guess


we include everyone! but if you're straight, white, or a man you're not allowed


you seem to be taking the position that life is not worth living, that because it can be miserable and because eventually it ends nobody should even bother to live, but you'll find that's not a position most people support.       most people find that there are good things about living.


for some reason these objections always seem to come from the cao cao fans in /r/totalwar.


> killing myself in the event of the zombie apocalypse because my chihuahua will need a source of fresh protein.      wouldn't it just turn you into a zombie and probably make you attack your chihuahua? or you mean "caused by a virus that i happen to be immune to" kind of zombie apocalypse, not "all dead automatically return to life" kind?


so, voat is just like this place.


yeah there's nothing to really "learn" from that sub whatsoever.        weirdly enough the most helpful thing i picked up about tinder was from the red pill subreddit, god help them. really just started using the line "hey, just thought you were cute and had to say hello" with every match. that breaks more ice that trying to be overly clever and cute with some cringy opener. that's really how i started talking with my current gf, along with just being incredibly lucky.


steve irwin was an animal, and that was his habitat.


and now i am desperately hoping that one of these youtubers has been doing exactly that, documenting his experience daily so that the viewers at home can watch his ~~complete physical breakdown~~ glorious transformation every step of the way.      but i can't look because it'll fuck up my algorithms something awful :/


i've known this girl since middle school (i'm 22) and she is 1,000% serious


does he started the fire?


everyone's a hypocrite.


direct link to [**tweet**]([URL]    ***   ^(this is a bot.     am i a 'good bot'?     all feedback is appreciated!     )


bhaisaab pidi means what?


also tags "kill all men".


isn't that sort of pay-to-play?


that's a crazy ass story man


the unions try their hardest to make sure they aren't


pizza has evolved past the binary distinction of right and wrong and ascended into hyperautism


> if i were a lefty      the fact you can see that this is the case is why you aren't.


the chicago police department keep saying that they have not said anything of the sort, so i would say still to early to jump on hoax bandwagon.


or paw patrol... or my little pony.


reminds me of that customer help chat bot thing that only replies with "go fuck yourself".


deeper in the thread:      > user has been banned for 3 days, for being overly defensive of trans.       fuckin' hell


are they not?


the hell is this guy on about


reddit is dead.  it's time to leave.


those words feel like a badge of honor now.


i thought it was [evil!]([URL]


too real


if you tweet about the fire but not about my an us, you don't want to lick my bumhole


(((greg)))      roommate was smart anon.


nice try. i never said recommendations were stupid, i said a question that asks for how you yourself will feel is a stupid question.


yikes


this comment is gold:      > i'm sorry, i don't hang around lowlife scum that distill human beings down to a 10 point scale in a hilariously failure-ridden attempt to get laid.


deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4606  [^^^what ^^^is ^^^this?]([URL]


>that the democrats have failed to do right by them?       probably not even a controversial take. my understanding is a lot of americans dont like the democrats, just think theyre better than the alternative. (and the other way round as well.)


the government just needs to reintroduce small pox back into circulation to fix this anti vaxx bullshit


surely you can be edgier than that.


that's kind of the point.      there really aren't any, the only thing you could possibly call nazi's are people who legit wear the nazi symbol and march in rare gatherings but there are very few of them and they're not supported by anyone.      (you sure you read and understood what i said?)


ever heard of red-lining? that's when banks had a specific policy of not giving mortgage loans to black home buyers in nice neighborhoods. thay has led to black families not being bale to grow their wealth nearly as fast or effectively as white families over the last few generations.      there's everything about taking land from native americans for white settlers.      maybe you were expecting a government "economic policy" more specifically. im talking about policies with economic implications that uphold a white supremacist society.


i never understood this way of think       " i contemplate suicide because my parents tried to take my phone. the parents are the problem not me"       lmao


~~do~~ **can** we have examples of may*s being extremely butthurt?


then everybody clapped 


i don't know. i thought i was well liked and i certainly get a lot of upvotes and i don't usually leg hump... but i guess everyone can like you except one mod and that's really the only person that matters. i think subreddits can be fun as long as the mods don't overdo it. stop with all the rules. if the leg humping gets excessive, then delete it. but don't delete and ban people that actually bring something to the table just because you don't like them. it seems unfair to be banned over a mod not liking you.


it's obviously a stereotype joke, don't take it too seriously


what a dumb, dumb statement. then electoral college doesn't require a majority of voters. the senate isn't elected by national popular vote and there are more small republican states than large democrat states for now. those states' populations added up are far less than those of states that are controlled by democrats.


paul anderson youth home sounds pretty terrible. fellowship of christian athletes, not so much.


yep we are all colonizers. look at us fourth generation never emigrated to anywhere else colonizers.


he posted a picture asking if his sister was cute because she was self conscious or some shit. two very different answers.


son of ~~sardaar~~ smackiya


mudi should resign!!


at least in my field, almost all either have or are getting a phd


thanks. i really appreciate your words. i'm doing much better with therapy and medication.


it appear that marvel films have replaced harry potter in overused real life comparisons. r/watchanothermovie


nsfw this


needs more jpeg


the true white supremacists.


crank yankers was art


if she can't understand that bitches ain't shit but money and hos" is about a glorification of a lifestyle that one hopes to achieve though talent that will be used to enrich the community - then maybe she's not the woman for you."


was this murder a hoax?


the words of a saint.


that's a continuation of pre-internet alternative religious practice though.


>stop using ad hominem insults.      ah, yes, the mating call of one who can't actually back their argument.      for the uninitiated, it is not a logical fallacy to insult somebody. it is an ad hominem to say "you are wrong because you are an idiot" it is not ad hominem to say "you are wrong for these reasons, you idiot"


this is true but i meant actual ocs.


banned from r/republicans for questioning a post that criticized people who conceal their identity the mods muted me for 72 hours. so much for republicans being willing to openly debate with liberals.


well-written article with an important message.  why not seeing this on the front page?


lots of people are raised to believe that you can't defend yourself against a woman


reminds me of [this]([URL]


i just finally got into the grim dawn expansion. i'm really enjoying it. anything that lets me be a necromancer is awesome.


if they fall down, california sinks into the ocean


he gets that the internet is not supposed to be taken seriously and none of this matters


yes, apparently he knows nothing.


meh, i think they are right that a lawsuit could just be a money hole and not be worth it.      they should at least go to jail though.  but then again, that would make it harder for them to pay back the money.


have you seen all the statues of white jesus?


it's like the phrase "just because you *can* doesn't mean you *should*" (or that it's in any way feasible and therefore honestly is just a really stupid and useless argument entirely).


what in the fuck is that subreddit?!?!?! everyone is so vitriol there for no reason.


our congressperson grilling a war criminal, so proud of minnesota rn!


hurr durr i flipped the script


best copypasta on internet. fullstop


propaganda about the fall of the han dynasty that relates to a much later dynasty.


why couldn't he have done that in a place without innocent kids, like a high school or something


that really sucks!


it's mainly just little kids making youtube bait stories. if the reddit youtubers never gave that sub much attention it would still be fine.       now ever kid and their mother thinks they're entitled to being in a youtube video


it seems it was removed


i love how everyone has decided our vaginas are their persinal business. granted it's our sole responsibility to insure and maintain them, but as soon as there's sperm in there, it's out of our hands... they can all go fuck themselves.


what kills me is subs like instagramreality, with their user base always bitching about photoshopped models... then when there are non-photoshopped models, everyone yells "pandering"      like do you want photoshop or not?


>this guy's name is sunil chetri and from what limited knowledge i have, he is one of the highest goal scorers in the world.      lol


good on you for being so great with the restaurant dog!      the dog in the restaurant is interesting. to my knowledge esas have no federal protections in restaurants. it's mostly that they get to live in domiciles and travel. i'm guessing your state could have extra protections. your thinking is very considerate and i like that.      my last dog wasn't an esa but he was a trained therapy dog. i say "trained" but he was a 3 pound long-hair chihuahua who already loved cuddles so it was mostly i who was trained. he would visit hospitals and nursing homes and even after he's passed we've kept in touch with some of the nursing home folk.      i plan on doing the same for my little guy. he'll be 3 this fall and it might be the right time.      >it seems to me we need to have much clearer rules. we need to be able to have purely animal free places for people who legitimately need it and places that allow it. the issue is that when you give a landlord the option, they will generally choose no animals since that is the cheapest option.       agreed.       >why are they worth less than people who need esa's?      agreed as well. everyone's health concerns deserve to be taken into account and i do not envy the people who have to figure those things out.       but like you said, clearer rules are needed. not only for people who can't be around animals, but in situations like universities that aren't even the best/healthiest places for people, is it really in the best interest of all (including the animals themselves) to have animals in such tight, possibly unhealthy environments?      what my college did was have animals from a local shelter come for visits every now and then and advertise them heavily. it's not quite the same as having a companion but it went a long way to reduce stress and anxiety.


scandal free™


it's not known bullshit. that's something that they came up with months after the fact. he is credited on those episodes. still shouldn't have removed comments


if you care about global warming but not my goldfish dying, then you're a fucking racist.


i like to think that his representation in dynasty warriors 4 is accurate to history.


might need an /s


f


that's a lie people tell themselves to make them feel better about death. we should never have existed.


i hope so. i did get her a present and stuff so she can't hate on me to much haha.


>if i could give every cent of the purchase directly to gearbox, i would gladly do so.      and yet is saying he'll pirate the game if it's only available on a service that gives more money to the developer.


holy shit rekt!


i don't want to create a free account even...       anyone copy and paste?


interesting that you assume it's an impoverished 'her'


i wonder how it is to live in a world that consists entirely of black and white.


hur hur i committed a crime cos someone hurt my feelings


100% truth. we should be doing more to support the pashtuns, balochis, and pok kashmiris.


like not even being dramatic. there are straight up full on r/politics posters in here. they are like "ummmmm bernie is a democratic socialist and you are all idiots for not liking him." with tons of upvotes. i am here to make fun of everyone not praise the bern.


wtf


not aiming at all in general, closing your eyes specifically.


yeah exactly. 'look, i care about the animals, give me upvotes'. no point even calling him out here tbh


people i didnt know existed until today: fetishizing living in a dirt hut and dying of malaria.


it'd be pretty hard breaking a window, dropping presidential suit trow, and dropping a deuce on the holy land out of air force 1.


was that the one where they brainwashed the kids into recreating pearl harbor?


seems like the article just misused the word revenue and the down voted person is correct. at least if the article is to be believed.


yeah that's a really immature post but let me just say that if you think thor only has one move than you're not fuckin paying attention.  he's the goddamn god of thunder who happens to have a magically propelled hammer that happens to have approximately the same mass as a universe, just because he wants it.  he can fly, he can throw his hammer like a homing hammer, he can summon lightning, he has insanely super strength, plus he can down a pint in a single gulp and ask for another before you have time to even raise your glass.  so, you know, if you think thor is boring, maybe it's because you're boring.


that's exactly what we want, we made our countries good enough to live in but shit enough for all the hipsters to leave and all the migrants to ignore us


f


r/therewasanattempt


i remember my time in gen 6 uu fondly, anything crazy change in the tier?


i traded nudes with a girl on the internet and now she seems into me and i don't feel okay about it anymore


what do you mean by "voltron tier" uprising?


regardless of your political affiliation, there is no denying that the right literally meme'd their way into the white house.


capitalism is a term invented by people like marx that we just accept as being the opposite of socialist theory.      "capitalism", in meaning free markets and free exchange of goods and labor, is the default status of human beings. it is literally the economics of human nature. it needs no government intervention to operate it's core mechanisms, only to restrain it.      by comparison, socialism cannot operate without government intervention at even the most rudimentary level.


get a wife and have a bunch of kids. it's the ultimate high stakes game of life.


she is british national and clearly knows those charges will do her shit.


yeah you read about chinese chronicles of the people in say, ryukyu or japan, and you can the writers simply making the case that china is truly "the middle kingdom."


i don't really care if it was derivative or too different, i'm just upset that it was terrible


hey misses-u! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * surplus popcorn.      due to a lot of stale politicized drama crowding out niche posts and dominating the front page, certain categories of drama face greater scrutiny and greater rates of removal.     your post fell into one of these categories and was not exceptional enough to be approved. see [here]([URL] for more information.       surplus drama categories include:      * racism drama   * gender wars   * social justice drama   * gun drama   * partisan pissmatches            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


of course it was. disarming the population is the first step to oppressing them. take away their guns, and then when they can't defend themselves, you can take away any rights you want: free speech, trials, etc. there's a reason the founding fathers put the right to bear arms in the constitution.


>for spoiler_throwitaway: sorry but this person told you a lot of stupid things!      everytime someone doubts how dumb this show gets a dragon loses its wings


i know its been showing up on my suggested feed.      thank god i don't have to look at it anyone.


what character was it?      if it was mccree, some of his skins are slightly tanner\\darker-looking than most other white characters, so he is often headcanoned as mestizo and drawn much darker skinned and native american-y than he is suppose to be.             or was it a drawing of a real person, like an actor or singer, then they propably just ship him or the character he plays, as a "top" to some smaller blonde character and thus he has to be drawn darker.


i think jefferson would throw a proper tantrum about the lack of subsistence farmers and captive access to brown sugar.


literally every episode of twilight zone have been shit so far.


holy shit the stuff that mod was saying was pretty vile. how tf they still defending him.


i just blocked him so i don't see his posts.


it is calling having eyes


all of these vegan arguers just seem like really lazy trolls.


i guess we'll see what the admins say. i think it is.


i love all the people saying shit like "wow it seems like you have never interacted with another person", like that's the kind of line anyone would every pull outside of the internet.


april fool's keeps on giving.


failed to understand how percentages work or tried to fish for a couple of idiots who would not notice? your choice.


article "g.o.p voters think losing $1 billion makes someone (trump) a good businessman" user "they also think women are second class citizens" (sh) top comment


it's hard to respond to everyone in such a thread, and also i don't know about anybody else, but i feel really daft replying "thank you" to every single comment, even though i appreciate people taking the time to help. and if not thank you, sometimes i don't know what to say.


if you want more amazingly fake stories you should go to justnomil.


and what does that have to do with you? do we know each other?


i'm an infertile woman and while i think the whole "i'm pregnant, jk" thing is dumb, i'm not offended by it at all.      how arrogant do people have to be to make everything about themselves?


trump is thanos. they all gang up on him and he beats their asses anyway.


eh, the thing with the rabbits was 100% foreshadowing for what happened later.


saidit seems pretty cool from what ive been seeing. no up/downvotes, just "funny" and "interesting," only rules are no porn and no promotion of illegal products (assuming us law?)


thanks :-)


when stalin found a murderer and decided he would have a death sentence he didn't forget the core of communism: sharing everything


i didn't even know that was a thing that could happen lol


mad shade here on r/perfectlycutscreams


posting this from an alt because yeah      so, i met this trans girl (i am also trans, we are both male to female, pre everything for those of you who know what that means) on an app, and we got along pretty well. we were talking for a few days, and then out of the blue she asks to trade nudes. normally i'm only really into girls, or feminine trans girls, but i said ok. we traded a few back and forth for a bit, and it was kinda nice. which is confusing to me now because i can't normally stand seeing a dick, much less get off to one, but idk. that's not the point of my post. basically, i enjoyed it. but now i'm starting to think she's actually into me romantically. she keeps talking about cuddling, and other cutesy stuff, and she's still being pretty sexually provocative. the problem is, if she is into me, the feeling isn't mutual, and i feel weird about doing anything because it's kind of a lie. i like her, but as a friend. i don't really want to have any kind of digital relationship, be it romantic or sexual, but that seems like what she wants. i don't want to just cut her off, but i don't really know what to do. because tbh, i'd be down to trade nudes occasionally if it didn't feel like there were emotional strings attached. but idk, maybe i would still feel weird about it.       ugh


so you admit that i'm a healthy choice.


i can't see a future with my girlfriend and i don't know how to express this


save this post.. randis will need it once the results are announced... :d


i mean, the duggars are part of a religion/cult wherein the women are barely more than breeding stock, the men are given total control (aka "headship") over their families, and there are quite a few convicted/accused (with proof) sex offenders in high places. members of the cult are vehemently anti-lgbtq rights and anti-women's rights, among their other nasty beliefs. plus, the duggar's oldest son molested his own sisters when the girls were small children. the girls were encouraged to forgive him because jesus (and then had to publicly forgive him on a talk show...) and the brother was never formally charged. rather, they just shaved his head and sent him to a construction project for a few months while they hysteria died down. so yeah, i get that without context it seems like a ridiculous thing to snark about the duggar's. but this family has a national platform from which they can spew their awful shit and they victim-blame their own children... i don't think they deserve a pass.


***serious post alert!!!***      **weeeeee ooooooo weeeee oooooo**


accounting isnt rly maths, following that logic all social sciences would be considered stem


we wiez kinzs and protectors...


this is me looking shocked.


exactly! i think people who work in that field are just the kindest people and it's easy to get attached.       and mines exactly like that. like a mentor, but also your best friend ever. it's so frustrating.


>taher shah's eye to eye      brings back collez memories


historically, indigenous women are one of the most victimised groups in canada. over 1000 indigenous women were murdered in canada between 1980 and 2012, which is a rate 4.5 times higher than all other women in the country. there's also scores of cases of indigenous women who have disappeared under mysterious and suspicious circumstances going back years and years.      but with all that said, i still can't figure out how this immediately demands all the attention that is being given to notre dame.


hey flyingaidsman, i hope you have a wonderful day.


most of us including myself think that he has an ending, and simply doesn't know how to make it happen. but who knows


it's also like... so apparently pikachu alone is portrayed this way and every other pokémon is shown to be ready to betray you at the next turn? the whole theme of friendship and loyality isn't embedded in the whole franchise? it's almost like this person hasn't actually ever played the games


they don't kill thousands a day. it's like ~2000 a year


yeah, hot in kansas too but at least it's not been humid here.  sucks if you're trying to keep a garden going though.


>is he strong?         listen bud, he's got radio active blood.


usa is mentioned because for a euro sub its full of burgers lmao


# >      he missed his chance tbh


your pulitzer's in the mail      i am a bot. [contact for questions]([URL]


thank you for trying to cheer me up. it is very nice of you


or people pretending to be ferengi /s


and it's not even socialism, and the us left was so egregiously abusing the meaning of the term the european left had to tell them to stop because they were embarrassing themselves.


the classic /r/asablackman approach. it always works.


if its applied science, is it engineering? maybe at a technician level?


every likhna chahta hai


this post made me a misogynist


its like a scat lite fetish.


i mean, because human are scum, and we will kill ourself within like 100 years anyways so why not just speed up the process. i'd rather just get us wiped out in nucelar war then us having to live through an age of facism before global warming kills us all like the current path is.      but yeah humans deserve to die, its that simple.


anon is angry with op


agreed.  no leashes, very little barking, no dog fights or dogs jumping up on people.  its crazy how bad dogs are in america


good on his part, though.


[[URL]             hehehehehehe


things get steamy in /r/scottishpeopletwitter when the scots dare to complain about muggy weather


have any of these people actually tried a sentence with these pronouns?      mel thinks that mel is special enough to require special pronouns. you can't judge melt because mel knows meltyself better than you know melt.       that is not a coherent sentence. ridiculous.


i'd much rather see an everlee than lemongelo and orangelo. or la-a.


i feel like i'd give up my soul not to work. well it feels like i'm giving up my soul when i am in work.       when you have mental health problems it's like doing everything on hard mode. i get quite anxious when i'm not performing well. and i have some social anxiety which means i can't defend myself or make friends easily or have any chance of promotion.       recently i've only managed to last a few weeks in roles before quitting. the work dread just becomes too much. i do always think to myself i can find a job i can deal with but i cant. even the low down jobs are very demanding and i can't keep up with the pace. i am on the verge of losing my current job as i keep getting told off and they are complaining i take too long to complete work which is costing them money.       i'm not saying i'm never working again but it feels like i haven't got the mental capacity to hold any job down. i don't know what i can do with myself.      edit: i also have a gf who has a professional job and i risk losing her if i don't work. i also risk being homeless and a lot of other things. probably not worth quitting but also i'm not sure how much i can take


there are translations available if you're not chinese, and the plot is twisty but about as easy to follow as game of thrones. if you want to try actually reading it in chinese it'll contain archaic references thanks to its ming dynasty origins, so keep a wiki or a reference book close by.      i wish you good luck, and a fun ride.


i know people will say that video game and software pirating is safe as long as you are careful and pick the right downloads but i still think it is crazy to install something on your computer from a pirating group.            i only buy legitimate software and games from developers. while sometimes it can be expensive, the peace of mind and ease of use is just worth it. besides a new game cost like $60? i can spend that in just one night on drinks and food. the game will last a lot longer than a single night out.


i like to buy frozen chicken wings every once in a while and more and more of the brands "include" packets of shitty sauce. i don't want shitty sauce i want wings and i'm paying the price of chicken wings for a box half full of shitty sauce. thank god for muslims cause the halal chicken wings brand doesn't do that yet. they have around 20 chicken wings instead of 12 for the same box weight.


damn, i had a really good one.


which reverend? did you mean someone specific?      i like listening to ravi zacharias myself.


that's my name... bc so many years!


women, run. things!


i'm not sure. without sounding offensive, i've never heard of you, so i don't think you are. nice comment karma though. :d      it's really annoying that someone can report you for harassment if **they** are the ones to initiate the conversation. stop replying! **you** are the one to talk to *me*, how could **i** ever be the one who is harassing you?      (that was the metaphorical "you", not actually you, /[USER])


i wonder how long the ncaa keeps the elite eight, final four, or even "champion"


imagine going to mcdicks and not getting a mcgangbang


some mentally ill person started harassing me in my dms and i called him mentally ill and i got a 7 day suspension smh.


i'm in the us but the college i'm going to is gonna be affordable since i got grants/scholarships to cover tuition and a couple thousand extra but i'm gonna have to take out loans if i want to move out :(


harsh but fair.


> 1500 tears      they cried a lot and then wrote the novel, got it


right wingers are also able to make fun of themselves once in a while. the left literally cannot


you haven't been commenting on linked threads?       your good behavior will not go unpunished.


but my nap and posse comitatus... /s


maxwellhill also called me an idiot for pointing out his behavior.      behavior of a default sub mod. reddit endorsed.


i don't know about you but i have a switch on the back of my head that turns my straightness on and off


myself, her, and jamal are going to the movies tonight


did anthomyst write this review?


fuck >:(


ravish kumar's brother is a congress minister. so his agenda, we all know.              allho akbar


\> white supremacist     \> married to salma hayek      (・_・ヾ


not relative to... well... almost the entire us.


yeah but what about the mexicans waiting in the parking lot?


anti-hindu series.


#**s e e t h i n g**


to offend people and bring out hypocrisy.


taqia??


[URL]      you do get a +1 this time


it doesnt, at all. it compares it to recruiting techniques of the alt right, which honestly, that's any fringe organization. they make you feel important to get you to join. how that actually applies to pokemon though, i dont know.


^top ^text


while simultaneously allowing a never ending amount of porn subreddits.


change your dns to 1.1.1.1


i feel uncomfortable with my sexuality


because banning all white people from getting arrested isn't racist at all.      just why do they even need to keep bringing race into everything?


creator of /r/sequencemeta gets doxxed for griefing snakeroom's minecraft server


this isn't a whaysapp tier meme it's a myspace tier meme


☝️


was it a good joke though?


do you have any idea how many celebrities donate to/endorse peta? which is mind blowing considering how notorious they are for being the antithesis of an animal rights group, but there are still well meaning celebs that fall for the bullshit.      even in the headline of that link it said "alleged". do you know what "alleged" means? it means nothing has been proven. in other words these charities are rumored to have anti gay agendas. so unless the charity they're donating to has an explicit statement goal of kill the gays, that doesn't make chick-fil-a for gay death squads. ffs.


today, after waiting for 2 whole months i got the result from my college. i'm a 3d artist and i have been looking for a job in animation industry for a year but with no luck. i had been doing some other jobs for a living or freelancing. i thought maybe i'll have a better way of getting more contacts and  opportunities if join a college for my masters program. so i applied to a college and today i finally got my result from the college and it was a rejection. our result is based on a portfolio so they mentioned it wasn't competitive enough.       im very passionate about animation and art and i know this is where i'm headed and i already have the knowledge and already making my own movie. however, the result may have pushed me to push myself more, i somehow low-key feel like after all these years (i started 3d art a long time ago and also have a degree btw) i'm still useless and not worth it. it made me question my own art. i know i'm not that good but i know i'm not that bad either.       overall, i have faith in mother nature and there must be a good reason behind why this happened. i'm still not giving up and moving forward everyday.       tldr; same as the title.      edit:    so 2 days ago,  i got a mail from the same university and from being rejected i have now been accepted. i'm more than happy to have this opportunity.


luckily for frenworld posters, nazis were famously kind and humane toward people with severe intellectual disabilities


brown people and "intersectionality" are literally just coalitions of non white people.       they think people in india and african americans are the same just because their skin color. literally.


r/stopcantelmoism


mad max without a big ass loud v8 is like the bible without jesus.


they care about race so much because they treat people differently based upon race.


his shirt isn't even factually accurate.


actually, quantum mechanics forbids this


sure but they would never have missed out on anything of they where never born.      sure don't kill of the people alive now, its to lste anyways so let people suffer in peace, but don't create more of it.


it's just typical stuff we say as hockey fans since the cameras pick up sid's crying more than others.       if it was international baby day she would have done the same. it's a good joke at sid's expense


>posts on politics      >discussing things he doesn't understand      ya don't say...


i lost a friend this way. she was talking about my exes in front of my boyfriend and not being very nice. so, i virgin shamed her. i was 21. i feel bad now, especially bc i think she's a lesbian but her family was heavily religious.


i would go insane doing that job


sometimes i really wish this stuff was satire.


it doesn't see much use though because it's not very effective.


the office memes regularly hit front page dude


[URL]      hmm


sleep well


> silly little beetle


jesus wouldn't give a fuck about american politics any more than he did judean politics. the crowds wanted to make him king and expected him to lead an uprising against rome, but he was on a greater mission


that's not true but if it was that was exactly what i said.


even with that as the case, it's still the same benefit.      even if it's about "reverse the power dynamic", there's no better way to reverse the dynamic than using them as your attack dogs, promising "well, if you do this for me, maybe i'll do this for you" in exchange.      you'd think people this dedicated to social movements would know the first thing about "carrot and stick mentality".


i just checked the current front page.      7/10 of the current ones on top are definite shitposts.


people get their news from youtube now      get that faux-hip 2005 bs outta here


makes you literally hitler


dont lead her on. the worst thing you can do is not tell her and break her heart      yeah saying you dont like her back is also bad, but its better than pretending you do and making her think you do for possibly months


it was a rogue mod [USER]      [USER] has been adding a lot of mods to placate the admins as they ramp up anti-evil operation's censorship; one of them was a bad apple.      i have reverted it.      [URL]


that's why many people say he ruins subs, he posts "interesting" stuff to unrelated subs, people just browsing will upvote without looking at what sub it's from.      and the result is subs losing their meaning.


leave anna and amber *alone*


it would only be worth setting bot filters if its a topic they expected to be posted multiple times.


yeah i don't know the logistics of it, but the hospitals and nursing homes have scheduled days for therapy dog visits. i'm guessing/hoping they would arrange things to keep people with allergies and such safe and taken care of in their own way.


i kind of really feel this. maybe not such an overall intense experience (being that i've never been in anything more than weekly therapy) but i've been seeing the same therapist at my college since i was a freshman (i'm now going into my senior year) and this past semester of therapy really broke down all my barriers. i feel like i love him somewhere between a father and a crush, and he's been on my mind nearly every day. it kind of sucks that sometimes we make the most heartfelt connections with people that we will never be allowed to be with outside of a certain context.


whole story is this as far as i'm concerned      go to r/frenworld, see a post linking to r/antifastonetoss saying they will ban anyone defending squished head pepe, go there and post a wholesome picture, get called a nazi.


content relating to this has been and is currently still on the sub. in fact someone reposted my exact post and it remains up.       i've had stuff deleted by mods before and i'm usually understanding.       in this case, the mod literally can't be straight with me and just falls back on muting then banning me. i take more issue with that than the removal of my post.


if you didn't say this i was gonna ping you


sometimes i don't wear one


if you're wealthy enough to afford living in a city, you're wealthy enough to pay your fair share.


> that recent study      link?


dont call anyone  at work "cute", or "adorable". wtf.


that's a good attitude to have if you want your asian restaurants to go out of business.


beat me with a pipe and i will shoot my own dick off and force you to eat it.


sounds like a tough life. you seem future oriented and you seem to compare yourself to others. dont do that. you are you and there is only now. the future you does not exist yet.       as for your shitty job, why not look for some jobs in your area, just to get an idea of what is out there. you dont have to apply but at least broaden your spectrum.


the owner of this company is a horrible person and i will never shop there again


*user was banned for this comment*


r/ageplaytales was the right-wing r/ageplaypenpals.


that sub is suprisingly full of incel-types.


they're racists.


i feel pretty bad for people who are making the actual reasonable people who happen to be gay or trans look bad.


i always notice the first bit, people believing every statement or meme is a *dog whistle* for the worse possible thing they could imagine.      the second bit is all about double standards and those are always fun. r/menkampf has a field day with those.      glad to have saner heads in the game, just hope they are greater in number, too, and that the others are just a bunch of earsplitting shrills that people are forced to pay attention to out of misplaced shame.


i'm sorry but the truth must be free.       she needs to do some squats and would be totally qt 3.14


some pokémon will inevitably get left out, obviously. like, you won't suddenly start using unown even in the lowest tier. but you can use most pokémon and that's very good.


i lurk on freejinger. but the treaddrifts can be so tiresome. i honestly do not care about everyones opinon on duvets or peanutbutter.       every tread ends with people stating their personal experience with some random thing. as if anyone cares.       the good thing is that there will always be someone who takes it way to serious and will flip out one someone with a different opinion. it is a source of great drama.


one of the mods of animemes gets banned by admins after posting a drawing of a seemingly underaged character in a bikini


the nyt finally breaks the bad news that most people actually got a tax cut from blumpf and /r/politics is seething. currently 18% upvoted.


time to build the wall


21 is still very young,  dude. you've got more than enough time to switch this around and it sounds as if you're getting ready.   weight loss seems to be the biggest issue and also the smallest. if you begin socialising more and  become happier with yourself , your body may change anyway due to new habits. there are a lot of people chubbier than you loving their lives  .      social awkwardness isnt the end of the world. if that girl likes you others will too. trouble is when people don't know how unhappy someone is wihj themselves they wont understand why you stand them up/dont talk to them etc. they might blame themselves. people dont know these things about us only we do.    i repeat my first sentence. if you need some medical help for your anxiety , get it. if you want so socialise more, make the effort even just once will help you breed healthier mentality.       can you tell us anything you like about yourself and your life?


size does not matter if you blow your steam within 15 sec of her touching you.


still i feel like if my boss had had me into work instead of messing around then i would never have had to miss her party.


> conversely, i've seen almost no one argue against people who literally cannot buy a game legally pirating, much like how no one gives a shit if you download the original super mario bros. 3. but games like the outer worlds and possibly borderlands 3 aren't even out yet.      spend more time on reddit, especially places like r/nintendoswitch. there's people who absolutely will argue that piracy is never ever ok no matter how inaccessible something is. like, people who don't even think you should pirate satellaview stuff, because "you have no right to it!!"


trust me as a history major as well, when he tries to dabble in history it usually makes me shake my head. his polisci and especially economic stuff is sometimes quite a bit off the mark as well. that said, just because he  isn't always right doesn't mean he isn't entertaining. like i said, crowder doesn't pretend to be anything more than a talk show featuring him. three arrows genuinely claims to be a sort of psuedo-intellectual.


upvote for obvious sarcasm. i appreciate your dedication to avoiding the /s


is she elon's ex-wife or something?


he's basically chinese tywin lannister


i'm not the only murderer in this town judge!


finneon would like to have a word


or maybe they truly support him


[USER]


we will rebuild. india number 1 in everything.


this was the woman who pooped the bed and tried to blame the chihuahua right? what a twist!


slow down, mama. everly and everleigh are the originals. i stated "everlee"      like ashlee, garagelee


no, i only rape, remember?


it's pure emotion. the op just knew a connection between this franchise mascot and icky icky nerds that they did not like but  cannot properly explain it to themselves let alone others. it obviously can't be rule of cute and nerds liking fuzzy mice as well because nerds aint human but enough post modernists and and culture critics say anything misogynerds like promote misogyracism because why else would misogynerds like it so in turn pikachu advocates white power because white supremacists love white power.      any excuse to.makentheir enemy as such.


*billions


but that is a stolen meme from the right saying the left can't meme.


paid user


>believe in schrodinger


[mental gymnastics]([URL]


ha betichod. chal gand mara ab.


cool, go tell them that on posts that you find hateful.


it's a simple black and white mentality. everything i don't like is the worst. everything i love is the best.


the incident reads almost like satire of the confucian social hierarchy where wives and children are worth nothing than meat when compared to men of higher social status. 3 kingdoms isn't satire though and is completely serious with its promotion of confucian patriarchal oppression in scenes like that one which gives me the creeps as well.          there's this saying 老不读三国 which means that old people shouldn't read 3 kingdoms because it teaches grown men to betray, cheat and steal. i don't know how old the saying is but for at least a few decades to centuries its commonly understood in chinese culture that its confucian veneer is not right and its characters are not to be emulated. i still love the story but i still have reconcile it with the fact that its morality is at best hypocritical and at worst a textbook in evil.


ask anyone who worked in trade ports in 3rd world, they have stories to tell you.


you mean pachirisu? that was vgc , the tournaments for that format used to have super inbred metas (not sure if they still do) so a rogue pick like that which people aren't prepared for can do well


not sure of the protocol for responding to something like this, but get therapy if possible. that's not condescending but rather coming from someone who had success with it.       and it takes time to get over relationships. give yourself a break. be nicer to yourself. you wouldn't talk to a friend the way you talk to yourself.


i can't believe i have never seen these before, they're masterpieces.


>mfsander__93__      i sincerely hope you're not a 26 year old spouting off this nonsense.


i'm waiting for a platinum cult. that's where the best orgies happen.


lmao, now i have to read through that whole thread. [my favorite so far]([URL]


out!      **out!!!**      out!!!      i am a bot. [contact for questions]([URL]


hey pkphyre! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * there is not enough drama to merit an srd submission.        please wait and see if things develop further, or look for a subthread with more drama. make sure you're linking with the proper context.      events such as "x sub was hacked" or "y sub was made private" are not drama in and of themselves - do not just link to a subreddit that was taken over. if there are dramatic happenings around the takeover, please make a self post and include links to drama that users can read.            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


i never thought i'd see an argument go so far over whether tallaght was a city or not.


if the update i just read is true, op and his friend just jumped the rails and are now galloping off towards, presumably, marriage-and-full-custody-wonderland. woo hoo!      one of these goobers oughta warn him before it's too late! no, don't follow your bliss, man! there are _financial implications!..._


>i see a monarchical restoration as a way to reform my country. brazil was a pretty decent country as a monarchy before the republicans (aka people wanting an oligarchy) destroyed everything.      remember when brazil was a chattel slave state? ah the good ole days


is it a good movie?


wait....      it's not her job to educate white people on racism....      but she does anyway?


tati just ended her career


it's possible it may be one. all signs are pointing to it, but there's no official confirmation either way


cmon bro don't bring that crap lmao shit here were 10 levels deeper of hating popular things.


it has to either be for attention or some kind of false flag operation to discredit the animal rights movement.


i heard some old lady call-in to c-span this morning scared to death she was going to die from climate change and her kids were pretty much dead already. these people are terrorizing the young folks and old folks.      > it is a fact that lyndon johnson and his curious crew seem to believe that progress in this country is best served simply and directly through the ever-expanding gift power of the everlastingly growing federal government. one thing we all know, and i assure you i do: that's a much easier way to get votes than my way. it always has been. it's political daddyism, and it's as old as demagogues and despotism.


thank you for this! on lunch right now will try. do i just let it sit?


you would like this book.


it sure is convenient (for the plot) that the targaryen's chronic inbreeding manifests itself as a tendency for craziness and not... you know, fucked up jaw, "bald before the age of 35", "repeatedly baffled the seven kingdoms by continuing to live"...


you're welcome. honestly, the other mods were fine with the post and said so via written language. it didn't get taken down until an older mod, who'd frankly never said much at all to me before that day,  perceived some of the old guard getting upset and feeling that i was out of line for suggesting that, as adults, we should be grown up enough to block those we don't want to read and stop nitpicking on each other.  the forum was for duggar snark...not to rate the level of snark that is permissible from others.  that message was received, by some, as  pot stirring.                                                                                              i still  wish everyone well.


i don't know how this subreddit works but i need to get something off my chest haha      i've been recovered from bulimia for like a year and partially recovered for 2. i've been eating whatever i want because if i try and restrict what i eat, it just sends me down a really unhealthy guilty path that i'm not in the place to go down anymore.       the problem is i've gotten fat. my bmi is technically healthy (23) but we all know it doesn't mean anything. i'm in the middle of some serious exams and i can't excersize right now because i need to study all the time. all i can feel is my legs touching and my stomach rolling on itself and my flabby arms and the extra skin on my back and the flab on my waist and my fat neck. i don't know how much of this is dysmorphia and how much is me being fat, but i'm fine most of the time until it hits me in waves like it is now.       i tried to take some nudes and my body just seemed wrong. i tried to put on a pair of shorts but they've gotten so tight they barely fit. i bought all my clothes when i was bmi 16.5-19 and they're so tight and ill-fitting now, and i can't afford more.      i really just wish i could take a scissors and chop off all the fat. it's so unfair, because whenever i see someone who has told me they recovered from an eating disorder, they look normal. they haven't gained loads of weight like me. i just want to go on a diet, but i promised myself i'd eat whatever i want until the end of this year, to let myself get used to this new body. if i start dieting i'm scared i'll just hate myself more. i'm so annoyed i just wish i didn't feel like this.


after seeing the video of him drunk/high and at least verbally abusing her i'm not ready to write off her claims. but i'm also giving him the benefit of the doubt about his claims until it gets a thorough investigation itself. if what he's claiming about all his evidence is true that should clear things up as soon as it officially comes out rather than just potential claims.      when the claims are this serious everybody deserves to have their story thoroughly investigated.


i don't have enough spoons to read this shit      i am a bot. [contact for questions]([URL]


stealing from a charity?      that helps suicidal transfolk.      yikes. a lot to unpack here sweaty.


i can almost understand why they did it now.


it's also a jewish name btw!


my best friend manipulated and used me


/r/pics is supposed to be for interesting pictures of things which are not commonly seen. i came too late to see what was posted, but a large number of pictures posted there are just of smiling people. that type of content is more appropriate for social media, though some users are strangely aggressive about it.


don't do it ~~hodor~~ bitmoji man     


the sub needs to be opened back up. it's just not the same.


they have fully embraced the lumpenproletariat instead, yeah.      mostly because they seem to be the [lumpenbourgeoisie]([URL]


well, fortunately the gw2 sub isnt too oblivious to downvote the obvious idiots into obscurity.      now, if only the game itself wasn't a flaming trash heap....


now i wonder if there is anyone out there that is afraid to lose me. every night i lie in bed and i pray i fall a asleep. before i break before i fall apart.  people ask "how are you". what i want to say is "scared, tired, numb, lonely, anxious, never good enough, empty, lost, betrayed, and alone." but all that ever comes out is the one word "fine."


anal cunt's picnic of love album should suffice


yeah, they weren't "one upping" just relating to their plight, having dealt with similar weather      downvotes seem unnecessary for that...      sincerely, north carolinian       (tomorrows high is 98, heat index 115, 70 percent humidity and sunny but with possible thunderstorms, uv index 10, under heat advisory... but it's not usually this bad)


this is actually nice. having worked places like that, small gestures go a long way.


exactly.


[i think this fits perfect]([URL]


that sounds like the worst episode of *man v. food* ever.


no one bring up cops.


>clearly you haven't listened to much metal      i'm not claiming i have. all i'm saying is that in rock, you have songs as different as edge of desire, bohemian rhapsody, cocaine, 21 guns, take it easy and papercut all being classified as rock songs. do you really have that kind of variety in metal?      however, if you think that isn't the case, i'm perfectly willing to hear your reasoning.


yeah, she calls it needle


lmao. anyone paying taxes is contributing to rape because some public employees have raped people.


to be fair, the final villain *is* >!yahweh!< aka >!juedo-christian god!<.


ironic.


based


tx considering a bill that will impose penalties on people who destroy or interfere with the operation of pipelines = "the united states has completely fallen apart." [sh]


see my flair


> you wouldn't have sex with her?      do you want all your stuff thrown out on the street and set on fire?  because that's how you get all your stuff thrown out on the street and set on fire.


>can anyone legitimately explain how does "pirating doesn't affect anyone's sales, that's a myth" coincide with "i'm going to pirate this game, that's called voting with my wallet and they'll see what a mistake they've made". doesn't that directly contradict their argument??       it's very close to a contradiction. they could make the claim that, if they were somehow prevented from using piracy, they *still wouldn't buy the game*, therefore it doesn't preclude a potential sale.      the real gem is this: i think there might actually be data suggesting that more piracy leads to more sales. so, by participating in piracy, they would be contributing to the game's popularity which would imply more sales.


why would these higher beings cure his cancer? what could he possibly have to offer?


yea because you're standing in the way lol      have some fucking courtesy and move aside like everyone else. how can she say she's fighting patriarchy when literally everyone is expected to move for others?


corrupt as in mod who abuse power?


nan


my favorite grocery store in idaho shares a parking lot/megaretail complex with home depot, and you're not wrong.


i think the constitution was made by straight people?


sort of as an aside, i'd never looked at freejinger until i saw them mentioned on reddit.  i thought it was sort of cute how friendly those peeps were with one another, considering the purpose of the site. :)  it definitely drifted from snark to "best friend's basement after the football game" to "moms at a coffee shop".


sentient


if only congress knew to look past the dynasty, we would've had a functioning opposition? also he said all this on sonia singh's book launch event yesterday, lad attacked them from the inside.


you obviously haven't had chinese knife cut noodles then


actually, the president's feces is highly protected.  if it were to get into the wrong hands, someone could easily diagnose what medications a person is on among other things and weaponize a chemical attack directly for that person.  so no, only an idiot would believe that story.


how about you just shut up and let the world renowned chef do his job!


1488 from the lab


twilight and 50 shades of grey are both ripe for cultural analyses tbh. not so much "the moon represents lust"-type symbolism purposefully written into the story, but they're just dripping with the weirdest psychosexual baggage in us culture.


1 question, why is tumblr in action having a crossover episode with twitter?


we live in a society


gerry adams/sinn fein claim that the thatcher gov knew the uda (a loyalist paramilitary group) were smuggling arms from south africa and didn't stop it, as far as i know there was no direct funding of death squads.


usually what i do is get some semidried udon noodles, get a large stockpot, add 4 gallons of water, then boil them for 8-10 minutes. add spices or seasoning after they're done boiling, and then wait for 'em to cook down. i've seen several ways of preparing them, and undoubtedly there are much better ways, but this is my preferred way. udon is delicious any way you cook it tho. don't forget to stir the udon during boiling phase.


i'm no longer depressed. but i'm also driving away all of the friends i used to have.


chick fila death squads?


its cringier that you posted that long of a response


is one player's "shuffler saltiness" justified? is the person arguing with him "high on their own farts"? /r/magicarena decides.


i believe it, [he must have spent 1000 just on this post]([URL]


go outside for better graphics.


is it untrue? or is your bais with fox?


i fucked up. it's not the subreddit that's the problem, it's the user. i should've posted to watchredditdie instead.


you can ping again now.      /[USER]


that's fair enough.      i certainly wouldn't consider anyone who's into identity politics and bigotry as a potential house-mate, after all.


im a japanese lesbian and i find japanese women to be adorable, shoot me             no seriously please someone shoot me


yup. it's called either moral dumbfounding or social intuitionism, depending on who you talk to.


you almost had me. good troll.      8/10


did you look at the french version of the proof?


they also unironically used organizational money to go stalk null from kiwifarms


fuck peta, steve did more for animals than they have ever done or ever will do


anyone who uses any academic sub is a dumbass


downvoted and blocked


> so idk what's happening but i think if you chunk a baby at the ground then it doesn't matter how many good things you do, you suck.      controversial stance, but i'll allow it.


well, ones that fit the agenda.      "apologists for any of the above"


these people aren't liberals, they're left-wing extremists.


shit, i remeber when my pee drawer leaked.  i didnt wipe it up cuz of the smell and dad had to pay for a floorswitch.


they *love* bush now. it's insane.


> or the cycle (republicans break things, democrats hold them together but can't fix them, republicans break them even worse,) will keep happening.      hurm... is this why places that the democrats have held as a uniparty for almost a century (detroit, chicago, etc) are utopias?


he also constantly flood the place with u.s internal news, apparently its okay because it mentions mueller one time in the article /s


it is indeed very likely that user.


13%


forgot that was the character's name and was like, "why would the rat fuck her with pasta?"


gand fat jati h


deported.


indian kurt kobain


i don't get the saying no to eating chips bit.  is that some sort of slang?


> lgbt      wait til they find out what that means now!


this rule literally means i can come up with any bullshit and it doesn't matter. it ruins the entire point of the sub.


> i guarantee that a human baby would eat the apple.      lol no      the baby will cry. ain't no baby out there eating an apple      smdh


i think i lost half my neurons reading this.


i try to reply to all responses i get to comments and posts, however a few times i've posted on depression/anxiety and subs like that and not responded to people who have written back. i feel awful about it, but sometimes i'm so depressed that writing back seems incredibly hard. if you'd like me to expand on that i can, but i hope this gives some perspective into why they may not.


chalk was its own problem caused by vgc allowing the most broken shit so nobody had a reason to use shit that wasnt broken. in ou they specifically try to keep things relatively balanced so theres like 40-50 viable pokemon to use.      either way out of 800 pokemon a large number of them are fully evolved forms. as for the rest that arent viable thats mostly on game freak for making them weak.


but if we're talking about farms and orchards and factories won't that cause an increase in the costs of basic staple items, making it harder for poor people or people on fixed incomes to buy them?


you like pikachu because you're a nazi the wildest shit i've seen this...


**no you don't**      **source: england and romans**


that can get a you a whole gram of shake in ma.


op should sell his concert tickets and spend the whole night smashing the girl. bonus points for selling them to the friend he rejected.


i should hope so, considering they're basically dark humor subs.


stupid af.


marijuana can trigger a genetic disposition to psychosis, but the fact that you are able to recall being high and the paranoia/effects you were feeling have worn off, it's sounds like you were just a lil too high. nothing you described sounded "psychotic". no worries, mj just might not be your thing.


btfo by a 12 year old. he's the man of the house now. not the 39 bullet incompetence.


for england, steven?


abolish borders


i don't think you're legally allowed to get rid of disabled parking


we have disappointed mr. rogers


are people sharing the shooting still getting banned?


hmmmm      pedo   furry   and vore       this needs to check off more fetishes.


if you don't have that much time, oversimplified did a video on the actual 3 kingdoms on his youtube channel


cities skylines mod locks thread because "y'all can't remain calm" - i.e. a few people are having a civil discussion about policing


also the swipes are not intended to be a rating on a scale of attractiveness. it's "i'm interested in chatting with you" and "i'm not interested in chatting with you".


so basically, business as usual with admins?


i've been a lesbian since forever. dating a guy now.        i don't see myself as bisexual, i'm not attracted to men in general. i'm attracted to this one.        i don't know if i'm truly a lesbian anymore.        i just don't use a label and don't think about it. it works just fine this way.


mods mods mods


rule seven exists for a reason.


the south will rise again. . . in a 2019 optional content expansion by a swedish game developer


thats a kiwi, btw. bird. not fruit


i was looking at their logs and it definitely seemed like they had some pretty egregious comments up despite reports.


>got it, so your comfort was just more important than the people who actually invested their own money in this very expensive building.      i'm not sure why expected better from a revenge sub, but holy shit, what an asshole.


i'm a self employed small business owner and it helped me a grip. changing the standard deduction from $6300 to $12000 was great for people like me. i was dreading finally doing my taxes yesterday because i fucking hate writing $6000 checks to the irs. didn't have to write a check at all this year. thanks daddy!


what is this, someone's au? or do they think they can change and bend actual law if they just shout loud enough?


more proof the bot is not a bot but an i.t. sweatshop in india.


i'm a vashishta boi myself.


i buy from kotdwar in uttarakhand not chuttad pradesh. that shopkeeper will rather die than give us milawati utensils.


i know atlanta is the most heavily democrat/liberal part of georgia but i still know somebody who lives there and he said atlanta is the most peaceful city he's lived in. he had moved there from denver


i don't think we should be judging how an 1800 year old warlord/ruler was depicted in a 14th century novel and a game based on it. almost every account of people taking power in most empires is a tale of ruthlessness even if their portrayals make them seem like gods walking on earth.      heck, look at ashoka. he is regarded as a near-saintly figure in buddhism, a champion of non-violence ideology of peace, and one of the greatest ever emperors of india and the world in his time...      ...who was also known for being an *extremely* bloodthirsty maniac who went on a mad rampage of bloodbath while crushing a peasant rebellion as a prince, executed a third of his family to secure the throne, killed every brother he had except one (who shared the same mother), burned people alive for slightest offenses, and launched a war that caused so many civilian deaths that one of the most raging tyrants of the age nearly lost his mind, turned 180 degrees and became a hardcore pacifist, conquered others only by scaring them into submission with polite military displays instead of wars, and later converted to buddhism.      there might be slight exaggeration from texts, but it is in the same vein as "liu bei threw the baby on the ground and cried hard because he nearly lost a great general and loyal friend for his sake".


all it does is waters down the discourse and makes it harder to pin down the actual nazis and fascists.


but...but...they were starting a conversation


how does the chapo boot taste?


boomer joker fell into the vat because of society in the first place, really not much of a difference there


look up difference between communist/socialist and welfare state      > in a capitalist society with a welfare system, there is a lower bound on people's benefits. if you are sick, unemployed or old, there would be a social security to guarantee you a minimum level of existence. however, there is no upper bound on how much a person achieve.      > in socialism, there is often a lower bound, but more importantly a very strong upper bound. there is a strong compulsion to not allow anyone to get too rich, by the government controlling all methods of production.      > there is an absolute poverty and a relative poverty. if people are dying/suffering without the basic necessities [such as food, clothing, shelter] there is absolute poverty. if some are a lot rich and others not so rich, then there is relative poverty. welfare capitalism worries primarily about absolute poverty, while socialism worries more about relative poverty. for capitalist it often doesn't matter that there is wealth inequality, because those are natural [not all gets olympic medals, nobel prizes, honor, awards for instance]. for a socialist, inequality is a problem.      > a capitalist nation with a welfare system is pretty much capitalism. there is no fundamental change. it is just that the government provides an additional service - an insurance against abject poverty.


unlike others, i won't share details that were supposed to remain between mods.  i will say that, in fairness and to set a record straight, that i was told i could remain a mod, with all the responsibilities of doing the dirty work no one wants to do (like coding, going over the volumes of reported posts made in a day, and trying to keep the peace); but, i wouldn't be allowed to post anything.  without talking to me, really, they decided that any mod posts, except for theirs, would need consensus from the group (which isn't a bad idea...) starting at that moment (after it never being a thing before). i was being demoted a punished for a post that didn't violate the tos and i pointed that out. i was told that i was then being limited because i engaged some of the comments and two old guard members were upset.  as i said, it is what it is and i wish the subreddit well, i'm just not ok with how it was handled and am disappointed that, after never being sanctioned and never having been reported by anyone until that day, suddenly, there were problems. i wish everyone on that forum well.


i mean the admins have to respond to this, right? that's when it's really gonna get fun.


and take his wheelchair as a trophy.


sadist? or you mean sad song? bc sadist song would be about torture and shit.


nobody ever wants to get involved. it was the same way with me getting beaten at home.


not gonna lie, for like the last 3 years, depression was kicking my ass. i was out of shape and miserable all the time. i was stuck in a downward spiral of self pity and loathing and it only made my condition worse.      something clicked  a couple months ago. i think i realized what i was doing- i had pushed away so many loving individuals while gaining weight and playing too many videogames. i figured that the only person who could help me get out of this loop was myself. i decided i would eat better, go to the gym, and reconnect with those i pushed away.      back to the pull up- with the help of some buddies i started exercising regularly. when i started, i absolutely hated it. but i kept going to the gym every day, and got stronger and stronger which led to today, i was finally able to do 2 full range of motion pull ups without any kind of resistance band or kip up!      im really proud of myself for this. im still a chubby dude (5 foot 8 in, 165 lbs), but its so cool to see myself improve. just a couple months ago, i was a fat stereotypical asian gamer lookin dude. but a couple days ago, i got complimented on my new (albeit chunky) muscle definition, and goddamn it feels good!      its not like ive eliminated all my flaws. i still stress eat and sleep too little. i still occasionally try too hard to be the funniest person in the room, and project myself onto others. but its baby steps, ya feel? slowly but surely, im improving myself!      its just a fucking pull up but it really means so much more to me. it really feels like ive succeeded at something for the first time in forever. its the first step towards feeling happy, and normal.         sorry if this is braggadocious, im just really proud of how far ive come! :)            p.s. if anyone has any tips on eating clean then please help me out! anything is appreciated :)


>i have almost 0 in common with the rest of the lgbt asides the g part      so you have 25% in common with them.


damn, of course


oppressive systems are trash   got your message across without insulting half the population yw


hey i literally got the same thing! aren't they amazing


>*greenville mayor errick d. simmons initially urged officials to investigate the church burning as a possible hate crime. simmons is african-american and had been elected months earlier on a platform of seeking racial unity.*      >*the mayor's twin, democratic state sen. derrick simmons, told ap in december 2016 that his brother had taken the right approach.*      >*"there is a dark past in america and in the deep south regarding the burning of african-american churches," derrick simmons said. "the way law enforcement authorities initially investigated this matter as a hate crime i believe was warranted, considering the past and the history."*      so what exactly does investigating it as a hate crime vs investigating it as a crime change in the investigative procedures exactly? that they only look at white people as suspects?      also,   >*had been elected months earlier on a platform of seeking racial unity*      so why jump to the "this must be a hate crime!!" narrative right off the bat if his platform was racial unity?


no, but in a city with a horrid [17% murder case clearance rate]([URL] the outsized impact of smollett's hoax on cpd's time has real-world consequences.


serious question. how is there not a price on soros' head?


edgier comments were omitted for reddit normies


maxwellhill has been using that sub as his own personal soapbox for a few years now.


a good man with a gun stop some crime? no way that would happen but i'll call the cops when someone threatens my idology and they will bring a gun to force your hand for me!


i hate it when people force me to find a partner already... i choose not to get married. i have witnessed domestic verbal abuse and domestic abuse while growing up. my friends, whether they were guy or girls always had petty issues concerning their partners. no one i knew who got married were perfectly happy with their marriage lives. they always had something to nitpick and fuss about and it got irritating to hear.  and it's scary how some people stage murders to pick up their children's or spouses' life insurance.      plus i don't want to have to deal with crying, screaming children. i grew up with many siblings and pretty much raised them with my mother. homeschool, hygiene, to everything else, etc etc etc and i am tired. i can't deal with more kids. they are even more frustrating to deal with as teens.       so yes, i am never ever getting married to anyone and it's my choice. traveling around and focusing on my career are my priorities. so shut your trap and leave me alone.


0 to 100 real quick


this is a logical if extreme reaction.


> literally the only way that right wingers will every make the first amendment apply to it      if by first amendment you mean "ban everything except stuff that agrees with me specifically" then sure.


no!


subpoena mueller. let's hear what he has to say [+150]


[redacted]


pika pika heil! pika pika heiney's go!


they were trained in the stormtrooper academy


regigigas even has balanced hackmons and almost any abilities to loom in.


disregarding all of the rule 7 and that stuff and all of the probally toxic people that visit here on the other side.       virtue signaling is part of what is making gays seem diffrent. the goal shouldnt be to make gays or blacks or whatever be the one in the moral high ground. it should be seeing them as equals. saying that they are above white people does a similar damage to that goal then saying they are below. obviously saying they are below is more toxic, but still


worst part is that bb actually _isn't_ a pedo anime (except the non-canon filler season 2).       the story's pretty dang good but thanks to the yaoi fangirls, the anime has a bad reputation. i myself was turned off until i saw a scene on youtube and decided to give it a chance.


terminate your internet connection.


see what happens after they increase max characters you can tweet? it only gets exponentially dumber.


most big subreddits are just littered with fake stories, most notably r/entitledparents


1) get chegg and use it to check your answers/help you understand how the books want you to think.      2) manual transmissions are more fun to drive and you have more control over them.  i'm amazed engineering students would give you shit for it.      3) most of the classes are easier once you get through sophomore year. after statics, dynamics, physics ii, and calc ii it becomes more about applying those principles rather than learning new concepts.      4) if you're only 2 years in, there is a massive shortage of electricians and plumbers right now.  i guarantee they will be equally valuable as engineers 10 years from now.  if i hadn't just finished 7 years of school last may i would be taking a good look at trade jobs.             good luck, you sound like you are determined to get through this.  you got this dude!


fun fact: the guy who wrote the score for black panther also produced this is america. his name is ludwig göransson, and he's a white guy from sweden.


we had 2 years of a republican majority and a president who promised to repeal obamacare and replace it with "something great." he said that  everyone was going to be covered and taken care of. the number of uninsured in this country was on a decline and now it's rising again. is that *great* healthcare?         edit: that's not to say that either party is actually going to do anything to fix it. obama and dems had the chance and they gave us obamacare.


mexicano


he wasn't in control of reddit even when he was alive afaik.


***agressively stands jacketless***


h m m


you're thinking about cars fucking dragons. completely different sub.


wait do you really think he's going to win again?


anon names himself


now that's humor vol. 69


because by going there, a certain % of the money i spend will go toward personally enriching him, which in turn will be spent promoting values and political causes that i oppose. i'd rather not do that just for the sake of some chicken.


wtf is smuggies


judging from that txt: the ceo is either an actual super-villain or this is fake.      i'd be inclined to lean towards fake.      edit: it's not even a txt, but an instagram dm. not clear if it's even the company's account.


>my problem is i tend to take the stories at face value and not pick up on deeper meanings, until i read up about them afterwards.      that's actually a perfect way to go about it! i'm willing to bet you are improving more than you think. searching out what smarter people think and coming up with your own theories is how i was taught. if there's a better way i don't know it.      for music the grateful dead are my best example. they even have a book dedicated to the symbology they use that i think is posted online. they make *heavy* use of symbolism and are just great to listen to.       the catcher in the rye is a fun book. it uses symbolism and it has story elements you may not pick up on until you experience them yourself. also it's short.      animal farm, lord of the flies, the metamorphosis, heart of darkness, othello are all some examples of books i've personally enjoyed and know there are a lot of resources into their symbolism. i tried to think of varied examples that don't carry on too long.      edit- forgot to add. a lot of the time i don't know what symbols mean right away, either. i just happen to notice "oh hey that's the third time we've seen a white bird" and *then* do some reading or research to see if it means something in the context of the story or what. and even then i might come to a different conclusion about what they mean *exactly*.


reminder that [this]([URL] happened just yesterday, if there's such a thing as  a radlib, chapos are it.


he wants me to do more in bed than his hookups did, but why should i?


for someone trying to break down life to eugenics or science, you don't seem to like much less understand biology or science.      yes, humans have biological, scientific urges for good food, sex, companionship etc. - and those things then trigger biological, scientific reactions along the lines pleasure, satisfaction - from combinations of which we try to rationalize and derive concepts like "joy".       so say, enjoying good food, is an entirely rational contributor to "joy".      so you've just fooled yourself into thinking that "science" or the like requires an absence of emotion or feeling or the like, when of course emotion, feeling, other human reactions etc. are entirely natural.


holy shit, what a hill to die on. i feel like he originally just hated the question because it was lazy and now has to create more and more elaborate explanations to uphold the "recommendations are stupid" stance.


lahore niwasio ko follow karoge to karma ka fall to milega hi na?


or a!!!


wtf is with this mentality? several times in recent months i've been ten comments deep in a good conversation to have a mod show up to tell us "that's enough arguing" and issuing ban threats.


isnt musou also what they call that shit in dynasty warriors that you use for specials?      like you had a musou bar you had to fill up or some shit.      i may be misremembering


i feel that on a spiritual level. i'm kind of in the same boat, with anxiety keeping me down, but also that i've never found a good company to work for. my longest run was at home depot for 2 years, and aside from a rapey awful manager, i would have been fine. my shortest run ever was at a car part factory, for a whole 2 weeks before i got so sick i couldn't stay anymore. every other job has fired me for either no reason or a dumb reason. i'm ready to give up too, but money has to be made somehow, and i cant make money off art or music at all. lifes tough.


abd that's the real oppression.


i liked it better when the british burned their leaders in effigy


well that probably is why... it's a sub dedicated to him


they are if you don't know what either of them mean.


but wouldn't chris be like their favortite actor hes super left


i-


poblem.. a to bc gujarati nikdi..


aw man. you missed legendary pokemons going from « fite me you fucking fish » to « creation and destruction are part of another » with sometimes a spice of *fuse with another legendary and becomes god*


sex sells.      100% agree. we've lost the art of connecting and friendship. is it any wonder why most people are lonely traumatized anxious and depressed


they don't call it focus miss for nothing. a shame every damn psychic type relies on it for taking out some checks on the switch. sucks to get a good prediction and lose it to rng.


haha you got me there


she's trying to hit the grievance lottery


this is a fair breakdown of the racial bonuses


us metalheads get a pass because we have black metal. :p


three guesses as to which country this knob wants to immigrate to...


sports


to be fair the mandate of heaven theory doesn't leave much room for nuance or doubt; whether they inherited an impossible situation or created it for themselves, the fact that their dynasty collapsed so soon means that the jin would inevitably have been looked upon unfavourably. and i mean they did have a princely civil war pretty soon after the reunification, so they can't have been great.      also is it you, doodger? it's me, sh*bboleth! fancy seeing you here haha


so in a factory, you think the only way to get something from the first floor to the second floor is to tie a rope around a random balcony and pull it up? are there no stairs in this factory? what kind of factories have you been in?             also, i don't actually think it was a noose. i don't know what it is(and neither do you) and it would be nice if the company just said what it is. i'm sure it's innocuous, but i'd still like to know. and i know, the company is under no obligation to tell me, but it's just good optics. even if it was brought up by someone else.      see that part where i said "if she faked it"? that means i'm not claiming it was race related.              calm your tits.


why do i love this?


titanium ki thali


don't know if your still searching the job market but:      i was kind of in a similar situation to yours. got rejected from a 3d art school, and they pretty much took anyone so i felt like shit. at that point i had also been looking for employment for more than a year and i just kept getting rejected/no answer.      i eventually decided to not pursue college as it seemed unnecessary to my career plans, and rather fully focus on personal projects and also work on other people's animated short films (artella.com). this was a huge help, (but definitely took a while), it got me stuff to put on my reel that looked like feature animation basically. at this point i was constantly sending my work to people in the industry, and getting feedback, redoing, getting more feedback, etc etc.       getting the job felt like luck, which sucks to say, i really did just apply at the right time, when they really needed people (tends to be late spring/summer for most vfx houses). someones going to have to take a risk on you, and they wont do that until you know, your confident that your reel is up to standards with modern day animation/vfx.      you tend to see a lot of negative connotations around the industry, and people telling you to get out while you can. i was fully aware of that when i was feeling unmotivated after lots of rejections. but i wouldn't let it get to ya, try the industry for yourself before taking someone else's word for it. sure there are people that grow out it, but i've seen people that genuinely still love what they're doing even after many many years.      keep improving, keep applying, and approach recruiters on linkedin informally, have chats with them about future opportunities. they're a lot more friendly than most people realize ;)       best of luck.


or....say "women."


i didn't buy their cds.       i did check them out of the library and listen to them on my boombox though.


as a non chinese person is it ok to prefer rice?      because i like rice


slut can't be an insult but virgin can ??


yeah, the clintons are pretty fucked.


*sigh*


anon is a time traveller


selective censorship - left my comment and the comments all calling me a climate change denier up while selectively deleting my clarifying/elaborating comments so people can gleefully continue the political circlejerk about how i must hate science because i don't think bill nye is a climate expert


sure, but that's not what op's post was about lmao


>any other questions?      so many but i know better than to ask


our goals may face the reality that they're illegal/racist/stupid oh no


no joke:  this post was at exactly 1488 upvotes when i found it.


when i first started using tinder i checked that sub out just to see if they had any tips. i'm not a big texter so the whole idea of trying to flirt with people i don't know off a picture is kind of awkward to me.       it was basically guys patting themselves on the back for annoying women with bad pickup lines.


againsthatesubreddit is faking information to make it seem like r/canada is being took over by t_d users when really it's only 4-15% who have right leaning ideas.


this is probably the worse thing i've seen this site do so far.


i really hope the next dog whistle is smiling, that'd be hilarious


id rather the game be on steam, but ill still buy it on the epic store, because im not a dick and i like supporting the developers


i know man, read the analogy again       do i need to make a graph for you?


i fail to see how pirating and then paying after the timed exclusivity sends a different message than just waiting


can't that type information be recorded while keeping the donor anonymous?


monarchism the only true answer to these trying times. can we all stop shendaposting for one minute to come together and elect a king?


>elected monarchist + fascist      lmfao


wut


bakchodi member? haha      but inko sideline kardiya tha family ne, bjp did the right thing with giving due honours to him.


i'm not sure if moist heat is any better for the garden, but half my garden is trying to die since this heat wave started.  really the only thing i have to bitch about with the heat is kitchen work in this weather.  ready for this damn heat wave gtfo


i might be somewhat biased since one of my mom's brothers married one of his cousins and they have 3 kids (two in college now). i guess that as long as it's two consenting adults i just... don't care?


???      just looks like londoners to me.


>*i think multiple bhakts should boycott surf excel i support you...109%*         kya bhosdiwala school me gaya bhi tha ke nai? ye sentence kya hai bc...


when you've been called names so many times that you embrace the terms...


post pics of timestamped glock or ill unleash a gaggle of pibbles on your place of residence


ugh, learn how to take a joke, people.   i commented somewhere that i had been thinking of announcing my (very real) pregnancy on facebook on april fools day and even though it wouldn't even have been a joke or a lie someone still thought that was offensive.


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      **[rule 1c]([URL]      >###don't bait the bloggers.       >  don't post responses to "anonymous asks", since these can't be verified and sometimes come from people baiting for content.      > don't try to provoke sjws into contacting you. dumping "feminism sucks" on their page and posting their response is not ok.       > we are aware that you may not be the one who posted the bait, but we don't want to reward that behaviour with karma since it can come from breaking rule 1a.      ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


incase anyone is wondering, the response is pretty legitimate and it kinda work.


you have to get bit in order to turn, or get infected some other way


your dad is a fucking asshole.


since imran khan is astute statesman, your best bait is pakistan


yeah, the novella was written ~1500 years after the fact and not only includes outright fantastic elements (sorcerers, sima yi being able to twist his head 180°) but outright invents events (hulao gate? never happened) and it has a confucianism slant given the climate in china back then and the author having to follow imperial guidelines. its not really considered historic.      so you have to remember taking anything there with a grain of salt.      no, really i'm not being hyperbolic when i say the videogames saga is at times more grounded than the novella.      records of the three kingdoms is the book you want in you need an historic source.


as karen of the elite four would say, a real trainer would win with the pokemon they like rather than chasing after the most powerful. with the popularity of things like nuzlockes, you'd think people would like self-imposed challenges like winning with cute but underpowered pokemon.


at this time in my life, considering all that's occurred in my life, i'm pretty sure i'm what you would classify as asexual. no desire for sexual contact or sexual relationships. the concept of sex alone makes me uncomfortable.      this makes it hard to have any discussions about my current relationship with my girlfriend because the people in my life that i love dearly keep telling me that "i don't know what i'm missing" and "you'll change your mind after you have sex for the first time" like no you guys aren't understanding i don't want to have sex and they just can't understand the concept.      my mother claims it makes no sense, and that my natural desire as a human being should be to breed and it's just frustrating because otherwise my family are wonderful people. it just frustrates me sometimes, and then i feel bad because asexuality is so uncommon that no, they shouldn't immediately understand it.      but i hope they can, even if they don't understand it, at least support me and my feelings sometime down the line. i won't lose sleep or hate them or anything but i would like to not hear "you just don't know yet" anymore.


the novel is based in part on "records of the three kingdoms" whose author lived through part of the 3 kingdoms era. his biases became ingrained in history.


war


lol your dad jokes are so on point.


they do.


bad human


>"donald j. trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on."      - donald trump      [link]([URL]      (and yes, he referred to himself in the third person)


so basically "this is our safe space. please leave."


>cheese and cream quaffing orbs         wow i can't tell at all why they banned you it's a mystery


yikes. that's messed up.


that person made a valid point tho ngl


herokuapp? gross. i'm a netlify person.


as a cook, this offends me.      what? cause im mostly german/native does that mean i cant cook pasta?   and also....european restaurants exist .   ..flippin dipshits


idk i don't really see any issue with it. seems kinda mundane.


kitne madarchod hai


umm. asking for it qualifies as consent big boy.


i mean, fuck peta and all, but this isn't really an r/tumblrinaction


the reasons for living are seldom and few, to quote the band titus andronicus. i haven't found anything worth living for.


>everyone is sad and lonely      like ?? okay don't know what that has to do with pikachu but cool.       >this game has been telling people something they've wanted to hear for 20 years      okay, cool claim, but what are they telling them??      >they are all brainwashed      okay cool, what are they brainwashed to think??      >alt-right incel recruitment      oh, well that escalated kinda quickly, still makes absolutely no sense, since you never told us what game freak is telling people that they want to hear, and what they're brainwashing people about. you can't just jump to that conclusion while only claiming to have evidence, without actually sharing it. mentioning your fake proof doesn't change anything.       tl;dr pikachu commands an army of incels because this tumblrina said so and had no proof.


would you?


how many voters use 4chan?


start a business      write a script and sell it      create something of your own instead of spending your time in someone else's creation. hell it doesn't even have to be original, find something 200 years old in the public domain and make it relevant.


i think everybody needs closure and the liberals need to be convinced so that people can accept it and the real maga can begin. what a travesty this whole thing has been. feel so bad for trump and america.


>slight closet elitist       not only am i better than you, but i'm humble enough to admit my superiority.


yeah, probably needed a better source.


sad, he hasn't come across /r/asiangirlsforwhitemen yet


she had to phone...a taxi.


i wish i could go back in time to the moment where this guy was doing his wikipedia trawl and add "proctology" somewhere in the middle of the page.


bajrang baan has a lot of "shapaths" which force lord hanuman to do the desired work, i'd advise only those who properly do the bhakti of lord ram or hanuman should chant this one..


there were leaks. so far they've been largely accurate so it's pretty well known how the series will end, although i have no idea how they're planning to do it it's so fucking daft


isn't dark in japan called evil? brb gonna do some research!


well you can't tweet in diffrent fonts


pretty much what i did. went from vidya consuming npc to hockey consuming npc.


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      this is not tia material.        ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


it seemed a reasonable question tbh.


i don't know what's going on in your life but please understand that things will get better. confide in the people close to you, talk to you parents or those you know will listen. you seem like you're getting help, so please please try your best and work with them.


the noose tightens!


*parcel


mods of r/southpark remove a 1.6k upvoted post with no reason given. personally, i think it hit a little too close to home for them.


imagine if white people did stop patronizing chinese restaurants so as to not take up space in these reserved safe spaces for people of chinese heritage.  once they start to close down due to lost business the tune will be -              "omg!  you racist white people!  chinese businesses and families are suffering because you're too racist to support them!  use your power and privilege to support chinese businesses before these people go bankrupt!  you just want them to starve, don't you!?  you think you're too good for authentic chinese food, don't you!?  white people are literally the worst!"             so white people begin to patronize chinese restaurants to save the businesses.  then . . .             "omg!  white people!  stop taking up spaces that are not for you!"             and so forth.


philanthropy only works if it goes into research, local causes, or a venture that generates jobs.


i think it just has a set list that it pulls from randomly.


also d&d is a gateway to satanism and witchcraft


good.  she was an idiot to be shamed into letting that opportunity go.


indeed. it is a sad day, and one i hoped never to live to see.


please continue.


normally to steel m but jab mehman aate h to chinaware m.


you csnt just post this lil sliver


and an intelligence officer with top secret clearance to data none of us can see, but he posts his top secret data for us to see....but he got discharged because of a car accident...still waiting to see is dd214


just get an abortion without anybody else knowing, problem solved


anon's fantasy


i'm an american in a small town, and 5 times this month (!!!) i've been out for a jog and *different* off leash, aggressive dogs have chased me or lunged me. 5 different dogs in less than 30 days in what is basically a village 1 mile across. i cross the street every time i see someone out with a dog and i've gotten offended people telling me "they're friendly, why did you cross"- no thanks lol, i'm completely over interacting with dogs since i started jogging tbh and this month in particular has been a bad one for dogs off leash and aggressive. yesterday outside the vet office was my worst one, where a dog ran up to me off leash barking and not quite growling so i got into an aggressive stance and yelled "hey" a couple times at it while it stood in front of me barking and moving around trying to decide if it wanted to run towards or away from me. the owner and 2 vet techs came out to scold me about being aggressive with a dog who "wanted to play".


lol how. gimme a model.


seems like satire


justin bieber's married?


random number generators are better at generating random distributions of cards than most players do irl. very few people shuffle enough times, *and* with proper technique to achieve true deck randomization, especially if there's shuffle library effects in the deck due to how tedious it is. furthermore, a lot of players do some form of mana weaving to stack their decks. a common technique is to immediately pile shuffle into 8 or 10 piles after a game to "split up" the mana chunks so subsequent poor deck randomization is less punishing.


then the employers need to up their wages. nobody wanted to work in henry ford's new factories until he upped his wages since it was hard, boring work that required constant attention.


this guys an utter moron.


fishman island...the tenryuubito... but no it's "wow cool powers" to them


question: if i use the 'report' function on a locked post and type in a message, do they get the report?


you don't have to learn things if you pretend that the teachers are wrong


i've got horrible anxiety, depression and a stress disorder, i'm a cocktail of fun. i still don't find it insulting or offensive. in fact, i agree, it's fucking scary, because, old treatments for mental illness were fucking scary. the illness not so much, the people, not so much... but the doctors... yeah.


i like your username √√


this seems to be a quote about libertarianism?


meh there is one of those for video streaming.          playon is a streaming aggregate i use.       wonder if there will be a gaming one.


lol. nah, the drama got pointed here . ;) it's all good.


y'all  ypipo  can't  behave  so  we're  enforcing  racial  segregation


you're right, fuck jesus.


hierarchies are true because lobsters are biologically wired to have them, the really dumb part is choosing lobsters as an example because of how removed they are from humans.      the anti-peterson people online like to joke about it, like with that invasive species of parthegeneous lobsters colonizing a lot of habitats.


he's been on an all lobster diet for the past few months to prove that vegetables are a postmodern neo-marxist con.


making your child unsafe or uncomfortable so you can gain fake internet points? yes, i think it was established in the last run of "kids in protests holding signs" threads


remember that futurology post about the american right? "futurology"


i wish someone would ask daddy about his opinions on vaccines, i bet he's got some really special thoughts floating around in that head of his.


why this hasn't been nuked from orbit is fucking beyond me (unless it's some kind of elaborate fbi honeypot). they wont even let the anime subs post their stupid loli shit without banning users but graphic depictions of kidnapping and raping a 10 year old are perfectly fine apparently.  indeed.


i'm not sure if it's being taken as seriously as outsiders think it is.  the internet has spawned a couple of other similar "cults" that nobody takes seriously.      when i was younger in the 1990s, it was stuff like subgenius, kibologists, and my personal favorite, discordianism.  later on there was the dude.  i don't think anyone ever took these things seriously, they just rolled with the joke.      just glancing at the sub, i don't see anything that makes me believe that people are doing heavy drugs or long meditations in an attempt to achieve oneness.  i'm seeing joke memes.


my money is on "self diagnosed".. both in the 'tism and the gender that thinks it's a mental disability.             


it is.      how many times is op going to spam this?


jussie smollett charged with felony as police negotiate surrender for his arrest


ye to ptm ka slogan hai


not often though. maybe one a month. why are they so bad?


that show i think happens to have stephen colbert as one of it's creators so it only gets worse from there with the "comedy".


steel plates are better in an indian context since people eat with hands. so there food has to get a little colder before you start eating.


*pikachu, the nazi pokémon*


within the first two days at every job i've ever worked at, i knew where every camera was in my store/shop.  what a dolt.


i was caught way off guard by it.  i had actually posted in our mod group a few days prior that i wasn't following the forums the day or two before for personal reasons.   i think i missed something that may have played into the reaction that happened.  one of the mods contacted me and said they didn't have an issue with my post...then, it turned when old guard started saying that they didn't want to tolerate any middle ground and i guess my post made them feel like that's what i was condoning.  in reality, the post was basically my attempt to say "if someone is not on your snark level, mute them and you don't have to read their stuff".  it's really that easy to control what you see on the forum.  it's taking responsibility of what you want to see.  the reality is that, if someone isn't getting any responses, they'll eventually leave and you don't even have to know they were there in the first place. i think it gets toxic when other people think they should be able to control those they do not agree with...instead of just muting them.  i hate bananas.  i don't buy them.  that doesn't mean i get to ban them from a supermarket or launch full scale attacks on people who bake banana bread.  i certainly don't run to the  store manager and lose my shit when someone else buys a banana and i didn't stage an uprising when all that despicable me madness went down.


>it's more like "people continue to rave about something that came out before they were born and hasn't had a new idea in forty years and i'm tired of hearing about it"      wait, wasn't the complaint about tlj that it was too different?


i was waiting the oporrunity to use that


lol. you got downvoted now too. i don't care about fake internet points but the herd mentality always cracks me up.


finally im popular


holy fuck the first post on choosing beggars looks so fake


praful what is...


guillotine was beheaded by his own invention.


imagine unironically comparing charlie brooker's depressing technological shite to actual sci fi genius.


theres a tribe in new guinea i think? where to become a man you have to suck your dads dick and swallow haha suck it losers they think its ok so its not child abuse to make my future son suck my dick


poor awkward the turtle he did literally nothing wrong


yay duggar drama.


if the rat is controlling the guy and forcing him to attack the girl, is the rat technically raping both of them?


i'd say the uncle ted movement in montana was the basedest


is there such thing as a good faith argument regarding "tone"?


i don't post any violent content that would warrant a whole reddit suspension. i've had my other alt account permanently banned for posting the nz vid, so i know to be careful with the admins and their sensitive feelings


post anything negative about china? get removed.


sadly, most of the time abuse is the problem for those who are "too sensitive". it's mostly because the abuse messes with their cognitive function to grow as a person, so they haven't developed ways to cope with light teasing or anything else outside of the home. it really sucks that people go through this. i hate the idea that people out their are hurting their kids, whether deliberately or not.


epic


muh russian peepee tapes


damn they are getting some serious mileage out of this, people are still losing their minds hah


ho gaya bhai.. free speech ki supporter h r/india.


ironic, give that the op you responded to was bragging about changing their brother's views about jp, and the mods are now afraid that the subs' participant's views might change from your arguments.


y kid y!


>you won't believe what he said about arun jaitley click here!)      anyone who knows swamy , knows what he can say about arun jaitley lol


0.026% is a lot lower than a 100%, which is the mortality rate of abortion.


>lmao christians don't eat at chick-fil-a more because their ceo supported trad marriage,       some do trust me, i have family that does.


/fit/izen has a girlfriend


definitely check out the response to this tweet, some of the burns in there are fucking legendary


eh, it's not that bad, essentially like that song by beyonce.


most people have an inherent dread of death and act to avoid it at all costs. if you are suicidal you should seek help.


no because i'm hindu fasciwadi


i fucking dare you to crosspost this to r/quityourbullshit to see how the community there responds


hell, in general the very setting is political in nature and they seem to think anything political isn't relevant.


whats your discord btw? i might play some next weekend after a get my new ups


i could totally buy that he's killed somebody, but i don't find his face all that weird.


doesn't matter. the narrative itself is sickening. just the thought of it. you just need one example. that's all.


on spiked-online too, how the turntables have turned


why does she reply to random rand instagram comment.


sooooo many questions.... it's the answers i don't want.


edit: apparently i may have been mistaken.         ~~even ignoring the absurd amounts, he also misses the fact that "protein" isn't actually a single unified nutrient. there's a whole bunch of different amino acids, some of which can only be gained from dietary sources.~~      ~~for non vegetarians, this is pretty easy to fulfill, as most (i think all, but am not certain) meat is a complete source of protein. from plant sources, most will only give you some of the ones you need (soy being an exception). historically, many societies have gravitated to a set of staple vegetables that will provide a complete set when eaten together. oftentimes a bean of some sort along side a grain such as wheat or rice.~~      ~~in practice, it isn't super hard to get a complete set, but an unbalanced diet heavy on one plant to the exclusion of others is almost certain to be deficient. i'm not sure what lettuce is missing, but it's almost certainly lacking some of the essential amino acids.~~


recommendations?


that. isn't. irony.


>which is equivalent to saying: no you are, but what am i.      100% wrong lol.


you forgot the chest binder on the tumblr tm art style


>angry posting about angry posting


\[removed\]


lol my line about josh being a grotesque child molesting slice of moldy ham was quoted on the meme that started the whole mess (albeit in another context but i can't say i disagree with it). i knew there was drama but missed out on it, then i read here and couldn't believe it. i'm still kinda confused!


in all seriouspost, america has had "socialism for the rich" with every  bailout.


who is this randkaur and why should i give a fuck?


you see because everyone pretty much got over it like after 1900... i mean i grew up in the rural deep south and about half my friends growing up were black


thermo-nuclear take


men bad  woman no job ✊


i think those mods were less concerned with actual modding and more concerned with controlling everything.


> this **one** instance of a woman allegedly lying      mmmm.


pepeeeeeeee


patriarchy chicken, aka running into men for no reason


just reconfirms they are a bunch of children there. the kid is in highschool being edgy. what a fucking pussy.


payal going boht hard on her.


well i don't want sex for sex. i mean i'm not interested in it without feelings involved. because i am craving physical contact with a man but it needs to be with emotional connection as well.


is there a /r/poopisthmus yet?


that's a misogynistic word. please use vagina. also not all women have vaginas. you might need to eat some bussy. also yta if you make her shower beforehand or if you complain about blood.


you can probably take the test tonight tbh. 10-12 hours won't make that much of a difference.


haryanvi accent probably


crusader kings ii is my favorite but it has a high learning curve. probably start with euiv.


i watched both lego movie and alita instead of this one and i have no regrets


r/tinder has been getting honestly misogynistic and red-pilly lately (not that it was a paragon of feminism to begin with, mind you). i've seen comments where the girl being talked to was straight up called "a huge bitch" for not playing along on yet another terrible joke/pickup line.


i know basically nothing about biology and even i can point out obvious issues with this.      1. at multiple points he mentions the benefits of "endogenous" dmt, but endogenous means it's produced inside an organism naturally   2. he says diabetes is an autoimmune disease, but that's only true for type 1 (5% of diabetes cases)   3. one of the studies references "overcoming cancer" with dmt, but the sample size is 9, most of the cases aren't peer reviewed and the people who "overcame" cancer actually just reported higher personal happiness and/or any time lived past estimates, **not a cure.**   4. he claims effects on long-term users when the source clearly states that the effects only applied while the person was actively on dmt   5. jordan peterson's all-meat diet is cited favorably


toss some chopped peppers and things in there, put it in the fridge, and you have an excellent pasta salad.


hey! gay white mexican american here! all the love to you!


1d20: **12**      (12)   *****            ^(hey there! i'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments. check out /r/rollme for more info.)


[no, they dont]([URL]


for anyone reading this, bussy is probably the highest trafficked search term on reddit, and only receives few dickings per week (and definitely not enough to run on cock alone). if you can, you can support the creator on [bussypay](bussy.club) in order to make sure we have this service for the future.      outlines:      1. *this post* - [outline]([URL]      ^(*i am a bot for posting outline.com links.*) [^(*github*)]([URL] ^/ [^(*contact for info or issues*)](/message/compose?to=\/[USER])


oj was found civilly liable for the deaths of nichole brown and ronald goldman despite being found not guilty in the criminal trial.


massive hoax list from andy ngo


the fuck is wrong with those people who claimed you were "lucky"? i know some people say that guys are always in the mood. even if you were a teenager, this would have been completely unacceptable. but at eight fucking years old?! many boys probably don't even have a sexuality at that age.


not mine but one i think would be interesting for the sub. also something a little lighter given recent events.


it was always their only mo


where does is say some of them are worse than others? they are explicitly grouping them together.


this is such an old news i remember reading this on toilet paper a month or two ago. it's typical randian garbage like most of delhi times articles.


sounds like a winner to me.


bill nye is a tv personality.  i don't see how that's controversial.


that tactic worked out a lot better for them than it did for ca.


in hearts of iron, specifically, it's because that game lets them pretend their ideologies are feasible because they're overpowered in a wwii simulator.


definitely


fuck i hate gb


who's more incompetent?             the dad who couldn't hit the woman with 39 rounds?             or the woman who failed to kill a single one of the family, and got taken down by a 12 year old?


i'm still young so idk what to say or how to help, but i fear not knowing what to do in my not-so-distant future...


he posted hog


yeah he's made it clear multiple times that he doesn't want to be slowed down or treated differently due to his injuries.


midland, tx is quite a ways away from the border.


mw gang?


great. now my favorite [yes song]([URL] is ruined, too. thanks a lot, internet.


we accept everyone but not everyone


scientist: makes particle accelerator      me: "that'll make a black hole for sure"      scientist: "do you have proof?"      me: "you built it! find it yourself!"


fuck keep going


all rope is racist.


so they are true catholics?


> oh good ~~lord~~ chris you're being 100% serious.


true. it sounds like they now consider her white because her husband donated money to notre dame.  it's weird how people got all pissed at she and her husband for donating money to notre dame. as a french man, that's probably something he feels passionate about just as salma feels passionate about helping immigrants.


ok, a foie gras pan-fried with a poached egg on top, and a filet with bacon-parmesean crusted brussels sprouts. i had a crab omelet the other day and holy smokes was it delicious.


from what i can tell in that thread, all commies work for minimum wage at coffee shops.   i thought thst was just a meme


congrats!!! i used to be absolutely terrified of public speaking so i understand the relief that you must feel!


and if he's actually gilded as much as it appears, it's surprising reddit is taking action against it.


no thanks    we dont need communism


it's very much a tit-for-tat. the "heartbeat" bill would have never been considered if these assholes didn't start passing laws legalizing infanticide.


if you put a baby in a crib with an apple and a bunny, my guess is the bunny will eat the apple and later the baby.       source: had a bunny, so basically unidan level qualifications.


umm


i don't think i agree. by the end of the movie, alita has failed to save her boyfriend, failed to rally the hunters, arguably got ido's ex worse-than-killed, and i don't think she remembers her entire past yet. she's barely gotten *remotely* close to nova. it's pretty clear they're setting up for a sequel.      alita only starts off being amazing at things which involve combat. in the bar scene, she's posturing. she's *imitating* the actual hunters, or at least what she thinks they're like. or at the very least, she's trying to shift the problem onto her fallback solution; busting heads. if she was a mary sue, the rousing speech would've actually *worked*.


you know it's a sad place when lawlz describing his life is the funniest thing in the whole thread.


basically, dismantling health insurance companies is what it sounds like.


50 cent is a rapper from fucking queens, fucking jamaica queens (which is being gentrified by haitians and africans lmao), which is the hood  (its not brownsvile  "we gonna die" bad but its was bad you think hes gonna be tolerant


eh, i think if you want a unified stance of theirs it's that they hate the overt commercialization of the ips.       they didn't really hate on the sequels so much; they found things to criticize because it's their job, but what they don't like is how disney is essentially milking the property for all it's worth. they actually mentioned in one video that -- as much as they don't like how lucas made the movies -- at least lucas was judicious about making them.       likewise for star trek. they don't like how star trek has had to contort itself into the "action" part of the sci-fi genre to try to remain commercially relevant when the earlier television shows could go multiple episodes in a row without a single action scene.      that said, i can't say they're not hypocritical, either. they definitely can be, but also, they let you know constantly that this is all their opinion and you shouldn't take it for more than a subjective take on the current state of the ips.      if anything, watching their best of the worst series has made me much more comfortable enjoying the movies i do, because it highlights the importance of entertainment over everything else.       not to say i can't see where you're coming from, i just thought i'd chip in my $0.02.


lol zing. now let me scroll to see who's reeeeing


yeah i know. but school shooting jokes are relatively harmless. it idnt like he is dirrctly insulting disabled people or something.


usually, l-slur-toids are too pansy-ass to allow any kind of comedy ("you perpetuated a stereotype reeeeeee") and r-slur-toid "jokes" are just too angry to actually be funny ("i'd nuke the j-slurs to save the w-slur race, but (((cockroaches))) survive *everything* lmao"). humor lives in the center.      i never would have picked manlet shapiro to be the guy who dialed it back the right amount to be hilarious.


i thought no white people were actually involved


it's about pedophilia.      did you know that lots of pedos are straight?      if this is about homosexuality, why don't you hear about lesbian pedos very much?


rebuilding a cultural artefact is now keeping white supremacism alive. this gets dumber every day.


based


i'm not giving my guns up. ever. i'll die before i do that. i will never initiate violence against another, but i'll be damned if i roll over when they(you) initiate it against me. come and take them, if you dare.


they say they are going to call the cops on my sister. nothing happens. they say they are going to kick her out.  nothing happens. even when we were little nothing happened after they said they were going to do something.      yesterday, made me realize after all these years about my parents. they are bullies but also pushovers.


yep.


at least he wont get scurvy


frenchman donates to rebuild notre dame de paris.


very cool


based


she has a point, but i feel like feminist is useful to define someone who actively works for equality.


debate abate


he wouldnt win if he fought back


caring about things is a zero sum game, idiot.


and the_donald. most internet memes originate from those 2 places.


yep. but i had no trouble as i speak the local language. profs used to fap seeing me. it's a great place, just way too over populated.


didn't the us army have an entire unit in vietnam specifically designed to be "low iq" and to be used as cannon fodder?


> believe all victims is a good and noble idea at a basic level.      the road to hell is paved with good intentions.


so i presume that they don't begrudge human carnivores seated high in the natural food chain ... executing relatively humane kills as compared to wild game having their throats ripped out by wolves.


maybe i'll agree when i figure out how ck2 works, but for now i'll enjoy all the shitposts


yikes. this is just my personal opinion but i think you need to end it and start dating an adult.


yeah.. how many people shot while trying to hurt other people were suddenly "poor harmless people with a mental illness" after the fact? "he just chase's people around with a machete.. that's no reason to stigmatize him".      what we have to do is bring mental health treatment back to the point where those who are dangers are kept where they can't be dangerous.


i like rap, but i totally agree.


god, that person sounds fucking annoying.  i'm sure the chinese restaurant owner, who makes money off of *paying customers* would want to slap them.  i'll eat whatever the fuck i want.


yup totally agreed.  that scene made me uncomfortable as fuck but idk if it was meant to be funny. if it was meant to be fucked up then they achieved their goal


i get what people are saying about notre dame, but fuck the person who wrote 'fuck wypipo'.      this man is worth $25.5bil. do you know how much that benefits me as a white person? it doesn't. do you know how that helps me with poverty? it doesn't. how does this person, an example of one of the only 2200 billionaires on this earth, represent the average shared experience of my race?      he doesn't, but i hope that person enjoys their fucking sm clout.      inb4 downvoted into oblivion.     edit: toned down the ire of the comment as i didn't notice this was an r/tumblrinaction post, love you guys.


damn sounds cool


this can't be an example of "shitpoliticssays". because it's true and kinda funny!


holy shit. how can a person become this crazy?      edit: what about single fathers? should they just give up their daughters? and what about boys? does she think boys can't be abused or something?


if that is true, then it is probably not hard to (at minimum) obtain an h1b visa and be here legally.


i think it's different if you're voting from out of state to some extent. that said i think informed is still obviously better. but if it's more difficult to find local coverage etc yeah it's a bit more nuanced to try and find good info about candidates


counterpoint, to quote a fav comedian of mine, "cake is not my downfall"


i've been waiting a while to perform that particular act of mod abuse. be proud.


i need to stop getting my opinions on historical characters based on how cute their portrayal in civ is


i hear it about vancouver / the west coast too.


the show that actively lies, has actively lied for years, and led to a bunch of spinoff shows which are also chock full of lies?


the richest and most powerful people in the world have always known that the best way for them to keep their power over you is to tell you "it's all their fault. you could be as rich as i am right now, if it wasn't for the nasty people of [opposite group from you] holding you back and keeping you down. hell, they're probably all as rich as i am right now and they're just keeping it from you because they like seeing you in misery. make no mistake, if they got the chance, they would love to see you and everyone you care about dead. they're the real enemy. we're just trying to help you, and we're doing all we can, but they're just so strong i don't know if we can keep holding them back from getting the chance to destroy you. you have to strike back against them."      then, the people with real power watch as the lower classes' in-fighting makes sure they'll never realize who the real enemy is, because they truly believe the real enemy is their friend.


cheers, i'll drink to that bro


khaleesi is literally a skyrim character


good to hear! hopefully oda keeps it that positive going forwards.


*points to flair*      yeah, i know. reddit's just as bad.


i see you are watching the good stuff.


i'm oddly reminded of a scene from shogon.      the shogun whatshisname is interrogating the navigator and the translator, a catholic priest, says that the shogun shouldn't trust him because he is a dutch and the dutch are traitors who rebelled against their rightful rulers.      the dutchman responds "yeah, but there was a good reason why we rebelled!"      the shogun says "there is no reason that could possibly justify rebelling against your lord!"      dutchman "we won"      the shogun laughs and agrees that winning is the *only* possible justification for rebellion.


taking them all into the mile high club


your masters thesis for gender studies is to sue someone


he either is or he's been pretending for a very long time.


a boy dressed in a skirt clicked this picture. deduction 100.


much like how a lot of people believe that if you're republican you're a literal nazi, and deserve to be beaten down to an inch of your life. most republicans just value certain conservative views and aren't even close to being racist or sexist.


why didnt i think of that?


ironic


i love the idea of the tw community splitting into factions cheering for different chinese leaders. people seemed rather sceptical or disinterested in the scenario at first, but moments like this show what a great choice it was.


or just sleep with the bugs and let them eat your flesh


*dundonian       weird lot up in dundee like stayed their myself for a bit but getting blank looks from a scotsman when asking for a roll on square sausage was too much for me.         edit : a shape


husband controller, funny video


i'm like a mango juul pod now


very cool


but salma hayek is mexican


wtf is that sub?  i just reported this to the fbi tip line


$


he may know very little, but he's learning. he now knows that the uk is mostly white people


yep


you have to see it from your perspective, not your perspective.


neither of those things should be a source of income tbh.


man i hate that mf white people he mad annoying me and the homies just tryna eat and he come here with a trail of beer behind him firing shots at us while wearing a kkk hood


so idk what's happening but i think if you chunk a baby at the ground then it doesn't matter how many good things you do, you suck.


grand theft empathy


how dare they insult your frog memes!!!!


israel is the 200 iq choice for an ally.


i'm disappointed this didn't end in one of them challenging the other to a pokemon battle.


so i'm a lesbian, and the whole point of being a lesbian is the fact that you are only sexually attracted to women and arent sexually attracted to men. like that's the only condition of being a lesbian. if you are sexually attracted to a man that means you arent a lesbian, not trying to be harsh but words have to mean something right? if a straight man was dating a man and said no i'm still straight, the whole world would clamber to classify him as bisexual. we cant make it easier for people to tell lesbians or gay men "you just need to find the right opposite sex partner, it happens all the time"


if they (the ones fear mongering) get in power, it probably will cause to degrees exactly what they accuse trump of doing.


peter is a character from a tv show called family guy. someone made an account and called themselves [USER], where he impersonates peter and explains jokes. some mods think of his joke explanations and his other comments as spam and he was banned from a lot of subs but he is still fairly active on r/teenagers. he also has his own sub with over 10k members called r/peterexplainsthejoke


steel plate and steel bowl


fuck reddit. this fucking site deserves to die.      anyone sick of it too can come to saidit.


this is nice to come across. good for you. cheers and congrats!


had to hide this sub. so few are actually any kind of detail worth talking about.      it's like " harry wears glasses in all the movies. upvotes to the left."


i just saw it pop up in my message box. actually wouldn't have known about it otherwise.  it just said, "you've been mentioned".


hi i'm a myn, see if you can change the spelling of your noun i can change the spelling of mine


> i'm expecting a voltron tier uprising if hori ever doesn't have deku end up with ochako in the end      implying there won't be a huge uprising if deku _does_ end up with ochako. tododeku is one of the biggest ships in the fandom and tododeku fans tend to also be kiribaku fans, who unironically think their ship should be canon.


and it's not even "chick-fil-a". it's the owner. 1 person.


we are not the opposite of your beliefs, the universe isn't centered around you. it is inevitable that the liberals will turn against the moment they begin to take us seriously. the goal is to organize as much as possible before that time comes. not go and wine to the imperial state and demand the let you go back to posting direct threats to murder specific law enforcement officials at specified times (literally the fucking first ammendment wouldn't even save you here).


i doubt they are actually going to buy the game


im gonna eat the shit outta that front hole!


oh, sorry. do you think remy use linguini to fuck colette's first born?


r/strangestatistics             r/strange_statistics


and it seems like it is working, when a sub dedicated to making fun of them is turning sympathetic. that's why you don't give people like this exposure.


i just copied and pasted it from the pdf, i think that all caps is just standard operating procedure for that particular form.


i have no idea what this post even means. surely art is art not gender based unless it's erotic art?


you're 100% right on them trying to have it both ways, but for me it just highlights how silly it is for people in that thread to get worked up about stuff like this.       they make funny videos, they aren't an academic film critic collective.


drawception?


banned from contrapoints for making valid arguments the mods didn't like.


1) home depot's branding is all orange. obviously they were gonna be on team orange man.      2) the owner of lowe's or whatever competitor is gonna be a republican too lmao.


tell us how you really feel.


yeah, he should do it in r/gaming and r/sports next, right?


as far as i can tell, they're saying that pokemon's marketing is targeting kids who *already* feel alone, getting them to follow the product by associating it with making them feel less alone.


.


yeah, he thinks it's a valid solution to ban all discussion or corrections over how the character is referred, without realizing or not caring that one side explicitly prefers nobody correcting how they refer to the character or trans people in general.


hayden is okay but other than that the rule stands


agreed. like i said above with that particular rape case, i thought the same was possible with the kavanaugh mess. it was thirty years ago and our brains do modify memories all the time, so it's possible that both told the truth as they believed it. but if i even suggested that, i would be attacked. it's a damned if you do, damned if you don't situation. if you believe the victim, you're crazy. if you dont, you're a racist or misogynist or whatever, depending on the situation.      as for the jussie smollett case, i'm just thoroughly entertained watching all those self-righteous celebrities who defended the guy (*cough*ellen page*cough*) shoving their feet in their mouths.


i love it when they start eating their own.


> personally, i'm not sure what to think about this. germany and japan participated in wwii. the csa didn't, and while fans have been modding them into the game on their own for years, the official inclusion is deeply unsettling      literally against it because she feels icky about it      alright


also, the us seems to see collaboration as communism. as if, since you fought and died for your independence 200 years ago, you felt like something is only worth having if you've ripped it from someone else's grasp.


i love when threads become detailed culinary discussions. it's just so damn wholesome.


>do you realise that america isn't the centre of the world?       america is actually the center of the solar system. the amero-centric model is the only one that makes sense.


on the need for "racial literacy" (oh, and the dictionary definition is wrong too...)


maxwellshill is really the only mod on that sub who pulls this shit.  he did the same thing when he was an r/technology mod back in the day, constantly making posts that were against the sub rules.        eta: and one of the mods keeps removing my response stating that there are several worldnews mods that want to remove hill and/or his posts.


because anon is an overanalyzing armchair academic who spends too much time jerking off his intellectual ego while misinterpreting academic concepts almost as badly as he misinterprets social cues.


people, especially strangers, especially on the internet, do not owe you anything.


errrr i remember of mice and men being fairly simple in its story and themes, just well written and affecting.


steal and euthanize pets


but i'm just quoting the mayo clinic!!!          links to some bullshit antivaxnow.com website..    


exactly! there was another thing on pinknews that was complaining about actors that went "gay for pay" in blockbuster films, and saying that actual lgbt actors should have been used instead. the fact that lgbt people are being represented is great, and i hate that people can't just see it for what it is.


only if you let it.


the word is civsplaining


kinda curious, any way i could see the commissioned art?   if not don't sweat it :)


i got suspended for harassment because of this guy too. shit is fucking crazy.


this person's... interesting take on a texas bill that would protect users from having large corporations (like facebook and twitter) censor opinions.


it's frustrating when you get lashed out at, sure, but you shouldn't go fishing for thank you's lol


zombie rotk characters would be cool too, imagine zombie lu bu on his way to fuck your shit up


which is equivalent to saying: no you are, but what am i.      what brilliant creative geniuses the left are!


pissearthers agree with the 14 words.


> but was a lowly bartender who could not even manage her rent.      perhaps i'm too judgemental but as far as i'm concerned there's something seriously wrong with anyone who has a 4 year degree and is still working a service industry job.  either you're not motivated, have a useless degree, or the job enables your self-destructive lifestyle (i.e. you're a bartender because it allows you to drink with impunity).       i understand that money is a factor but there's no upward mobility and any sort of office job is going to offer a better chance to transition into your field of interest.     


stop oppressing me with your tags.  just because the majority of people on the internet are too stupid to recognize sarcasm doesn't mean we have to enable their mediocrity.  the only tags i recognize are /b, /u, and /i.  also /thread.      if anyone read my original comment and didn't get the sarcasm, congratulations, you're also the joke and i'm laughing *at* you.  derisively.  contemptuously.


i am 16 years old. i live in california and this new fear has started to grasp me. i fear death. i'm scared that i will find out that there is no afterlife and that death is just you being gone, no consciousness is what i fear most. if there was an option for when i die to have no consciousness or go to hell. i rather go to hell. this fear is really starting to bring up my anxiety. sometimes i just lay in my bed at night slowly going into a panic attack knowing death is inevitable and that one day it's going to happen to me. i wish science was farther ahead allowing us to be immortal. idk, i just wanted to rant and get this off my chest. is there anyone else that feels this way?


i see it's also a sub to go balls to wall butt-hurt. thanks. i'm still relatively new to reddit.


i don't know if you think quoting my own words back to me is proving something but you probably need to look at the difference between being praised and a simple thank you.


get out.    i graduated with a major in 3d, had a nice portfolio and got only one bite after 5 years.   and that job was severely underpaid and in another state to boot.             changed majors and never looked back.  you should get out now before you waste anymore valuable time.   no one cares about animators these days unfortunately.


go to therapy. they will help with your mental difficulties. it doesn't have to be so hard.


underrated comment


as a third(?) chinese guy,      we sure fluffin' do


report his post


i had never heard this before, and it makes so much sense, thanks for sharing!!


yeah


r/animefeet


omg so they make these little mesh sock things.  you freeze bananas and give them to like, teething babies.  banana mush like oozes out and the baby is trying to eat it like a dog with a grape it's the funniest goddamned thing.


where are you on the sit or stand debate? while r/videos talks it over, lemme ask another q: da fuq


these characters aren't 000000. whitewashed/s


i feel you. the majority of the world has lost its mind. you can go to hiv forums and see how people who managed to contract hiv will describe their sex life as a "healthy sexlife".  i'm sorry but once you contract hiv(unfortunately like i have) then your sex life has gone over the edge to the point if no return and no longer constitutes what anybody can call "a healthy sexlife". these people seem to have lost site of what healthy means and are now having trouble distinguishing the difference between a truly healthy sex life and a sex life that contains a high volume of sexual partners.


if that's an acceptable position then surly punching communists isn't violence, it's self-defense.


big problem, in rebecca/vivi/nami


i'd have to say the us is big enough to have racism until the end of time, so saying it was over with doesn't make much sense. it just fell off the mainstream radar until a new wedge could be found to whip people up about it again.      which, in turn, inflamed the existing issue pretty hard by the look of it. but hey, we care about issues, the people affected by them are just statistics.


thats a nice lookin school


khalistani toti.


there are many buttons to download and if you press the wrong one... you're done


do not call teresa caputo garbage in my house.


i'm a pretty frequent follower of ds and i have to say i'm completely lost on this shit lmao


is anyone really against changing the names of useless degrees tho? as long as it stays there, i mean.


>saha         every single time.


isp monopolies are fun


can we get a link


>a lot of people were sending you love light , prayers etc . when people were making jokes about u at a rough time.      rough time? surely they mean something else bescides her struggles with addiction/bi-polar/bulimia?      no way woke twitter is comparing a violent felon being busted by ice to treatment of mental health


you've been awarded by normieratna.


why don't we collaborate and figure something out together?


this race between two porsche's gonna be straight fire


yeah, once you're a cool gamer like me you gotta go outta your way to avoid all the thot tots


post gick


she said she lives in the hottest state (texas?) and her dog needs to run. dogs can't handle heat as well as humans since they don't have sweat glands. i don't think it's that unbelievable. also isn't calling her an "entitled brat" uncalled for? she was literally raped and slashed, she could have other reasons for not wanting to go out.


i am a white as snow mexican. do-does anybody love me? guys??


jeez dude calm down


he takes his steaks well-done and covers everything with gold.


yeah i guess it depends on how much money you're bringing in, most startups/entrepreneurs bust ass because they need money but if you have a couple clients paying big bucks then keep on.  i'd definitely consider finding someone to hire/partner with though, have an outlook of getting a small firm going just to make things a bit easier.


it's more of a "man it's insane how much people give a shit about people who star in movies, especially relative to actual important people" thing.


>last week i won a raffle and have 2 tickets to see a famous singer perform next month in a nearby city. she also happens to like this singer so i asked her if she wanted to go with me as a date.      okay      > i said i can book us a hotel room and we can spend the night together.       oof      > nowhere do i even say that we have to share a bed...      hahaha how dumb does he think she is lmao


again      why not both


moderator of /r/worldnews, /[USER], accuses me of being a liar, then deletes every response i make that proves him/her wrong


so they are segregating themselves?


next crusade


for the past day, i can't access the site due to "too many http redirects" and it times out. i tried on a vpn also. do they have a mirror site?


i feel like this fits on r/selfawarewolves because of the edited picture. also r/quityourbullshit.


emotional support means i dont pay pet rent. that's the purpose of it. that i get to have a wonderful critter in my life who i care for and makes me happier is what's important.


wait, really? haven't seen it, will look up now


trevor noah would be proud !!


that's why puerto rico is still a territory.


>>would you rather have misinformation or no information?      >how about i decide myself what is misinformation and not some faggot libtard mod?         how about the mod just flair it as "no sources" and leave it up? seeing who is more prone to posting baseless bullshit is *just as valuable* to me as reading well backed articles.


the channel should be renamed to r/dunningkruger


what counts as "queer" anyway? it used to mean "homosexual", but it now seems like an asymmetrical haircut and wearing doc martens is enough to be "queer". i'm half-joking but lgbtq, the l is for "lesbian" and the is for "gay" so what is the q? if it means "homosexual" then isn't that covered by the l or the g? also, why not get rid if the l and the g and replace with h for "homosexual"? it's just repeating the same thing otherwise isn't it?


whoever said they only remove popular opinions is either lying or just stupid.


it is "my friends and i"


asking the real questions that need to be asked.


fake - anon was not popular


steel mostly.


[[URL]


one thing the commenter hasn't fully "appropriated" yet - the english concept of when you should use an adjective instead of an adverb.


i love watching sister wives, but i'm a liberal atheist who is pro marriage equality lol. i'm in sw facebook groups and like 90% of the group is older women.


if my restaurant in rural wisconsin only served to "chinese people", they'd have a bad time.


no, at the time.  he didn't come across with another date until he found someone he thought was interested in him.  she did wrong but he also did when he made arrangements with her knowing she was the backup in case he didn't find someone better.  they both wanted what they wanted and were unwilling to possibly do without in order to treat another person kindly.      he could have said that their arrangements to go together were contingent on whether he found a person that was dating material to go with him.  that's fine.   you have to think that some women are told guys are just going to use them for sex, so finding out a guy doesn't want to do something friendly together when he doesn't think he will score bugs some women.  like being friend zoned does for men.        they both did wrong, but i think she was the one with the most responsibility because she shouldn't have accepted the offer if she didn't want to date him.


i forgot this one and how he retro-pedalled at the speed of light. did really shit his pants about his patreoncoins.


good bot


no, it's that we dont like you. as a person. at all.


you know what nobody has ever said when trying on an outfit? "i want this to make me look pudgy"


what's the left's problem with warhammer? dark elves too pale?


that the vast majority of young people these days lol. we realize we are utterly fucked.


i just assume it's fake. that whole sub had a pretty abrupt shift towards clearly fake stories.


it's actually a very good story. we need a thread on here to make the best story that will illicit the best reaction while not being too blatant. then we wait for three months and see how that sub reacts


the literal slogan for the left is "resist" not even any direction just fight everything and anything.


>i think the fact that we had a civil war, and 50% of american voters voted in an open white nationalist, and (insert all the structural racism in the usa, wealth inequality, countless instances of direct racial bias and bigotry, etc), the idea that a confederate american state could rise and participate in global affairs isn't far fetched for an alternate history game that wants real ideological / economic threads to inform the events in the game.   the problematic part is not the inclusion of a revived, politically significant, openly racist and fascist (sorry to anyone who don't know this, but the rise of so-called "populism" you see on the right is a rise of fascism, read a book) confederacy in ww2, but rather the prospect of individual players identifying with the confederacy and what such play indicates and consists in. is it okay to role play as lynching thugs?   it's a deep question, honestly. contextualized properly, one can do interesting things with it. other art forms employ genuine antiheroes (like tony soprano, who is, simply, a psychopath) and do good things (criticize capitalism, and the emotional/intellectual dissociation involved with immoral behavior both localized and structural/systemic). what does "i'm the character" do to change it? in a book, we're often in the person's mind. their thoughts replace ours in a focused narrative. is that alright? will i become a psychopath if i read such media?   i don't know. i think it merits discussion, but the statement the guy made sounds fine to me. are they cashing in on the rise of the alt-right and open white supremacy in america? i don't know. do we want to allow role playing games and alternate reality media? that one, i'm pretty comfortable with yes. we need to do deeper, broader, better things to eliminate white supremacists than make sure they can't role play as the confederacy joining ww2.      this mad about a video game


awww you're trying so hard!


did they buy rope and ski masks in the same transaction?! lmaooo      they're not sending their best.


it depends on the anchor. shep smith and meghan kelly were anti-trump, hannity and tucker carlson were pro-trump, from what i can remember.


registered nurse is not a stem career


the chance that you'd actually encounter someone in the flesh who recognized mr lobsterman is so low it isn't even worth developing a clever metaphor for


bring back literacy tests!


in the us no one is allowed to complain because "someone has it worse". incredibly grating


mobile posting is weird but essentially. i found a couple anti-mra circle jerks that they were having.       brought up some relatively well upvoted points about figures within the feminist movement.       they tried to say old articles by paul elam were representative of the mrm. so i asked if i could do the same with andrea dworkin.       then banned.


i got called a nazi unironically today for posting a picture of a frog playing with a butterfly


that's a yikes from me bonerdude420


not when trump supporters like the message


now kiss


>it casues tons of switchins. the main way is hitting the target with hyper voice first on switchin, and fireblasting to death.      this is some kind of beautiful but incomprehensible language


what?


it's hilarious that he tried to play cynical doc as a med student and then got spooked enough to delete. dude kinda seems like a liability tbhrn.


is fhc/org site permanently down?


sorry, first post on this subreddit


really gives me a think.


serious talk some days the thought that i had control over my own death was the only thing that kept me going.            (i'm doing a lot better now, fyi, but i also remember how tiring and like... weirdly condescending people can be about depression and suicidal thoughts. like, you think you know more about it than me who's living it everyday?)


i mean, how hard would it be to get a qt comfort woman waifu morale boost?


don't get me wrong, i'm depressed all the time. just went off my meds because they didn't work.   now i'm on vacation with my parents and it has some cool times, but i'm mostly just off. tired, no energy, sad.      tried talking to girl my age here (i think she's my age) and she just seemed so uninterested in conversation i got somewhat offended. haven't had sex in several years so i'm feeling very undesirable.      i think my mum's cheating. or my dad is into cuckold. i hate both options.      i swear, some days i just want to end it. it's not worth slogging through day by day by day and to get back home to feel the warm embrace of my shitty laptop. i lie to myself i don't need shit from anybody but i'm human. and humans need others.      i realize i am the only one who can change ny life but i just can't seem to do that. i've been doing therapy for years now with several therapists.   sometimes i just think some people aren't meant to live.


you actually needed to automate this? wow lazy


they're all just stick figures...


read on another sub: people mistake sex for affection and affection for intimacy...


i'd love to read this comment, but i need the platinum first.


i frequent this site and it went down right after the smollet case, very suspicious


if you honestly believe that trevor noah is pandering to the right then you're so far to the left that marx would be impressed.


the trick to a straight razor (beyond keeping it sharp, because duh) is, hand to god, not be afraid.  the moment your hand hesitates is when you're going to cut yourself.  hold that baby at an angle, make sure strokes, never move it side to side.             i've used one to shave my head for years.


he was the angel sent to help us through exam pressure in college.


excellent


they called them heroes as long as they were killing kaafirs. the day the terrorists started freaking out in pakistan was when pakistan started crying about victimization.


trans men menstruate, and the original post denies that.


wierdly enough social media had the least influence on those normal working class people who did vote for trump.       reddit always overexaggerates its influence on the world.


...big mood.


tryhard


way to win an argument, ad hom always works.


certainly the flyover states at the very least.


based and redpilled


bonus drama: one of the thots getting mad in the comments was the "ceo" of the whole bullyhunter fiasco.      bonus bonus drama:       > the breadth of the alleged offences was so vast that police almost couldn't keep up with the demand of those willing to engage in sex with girls between the ages of 15 and 17.


yea sorry i was testing out my iphones notification for when i allow face id lmao


owo *notices your ptsd*


[USER]


yeah this is why most of the time these days you see it pushed to eat a variety of foods no matter the type of diet you follow. with eating just one kind of food you can easily miss out on of get too much of certain micro-nutrients.


fentanyl american and paranoid schizophrenic argue over abortion, call each other shills and literally hitler


it's because when you boil it down, it's all life or death to them.       welfare? life or death to poor people.       lgbt? life or death, they're literally being chased by bigots.       minorities? life or death, trump wants them yeeted out of the country.       you can't make funny memes when you're not allowed to make jokes. this is life or death afterall.


oh, i'm sure the university is absolutely devastated.


> no. we can disagree with a black persons politics without calling them a token.           i bet you can't.      > but when you make your game off of being " the black female conservative" you are literally tokenizing yourself.         that was easy.


i mean, the donald sub is responsible for some pretty great memes. the left doesn't have an equivalent.


sometimes linguists try my patience over the whole "language is entirely made up (it is) so that means we can do whatever we want (no)." but othertimes they absolutely decimate people and i love it.


you have been banned from **all boards** for posting [\>>>/pol/112357913]([URL] a violation of **global rule 2**:           **you will immediately cease and not continue to access the site if you are under the age of 18.**


two local lolcows go on a drooling, babbling "no u" competition.


i'm glad i'm not alone! it's a really bizarre situation, isn't it?


user reports:       1: only comments are whining about liberals       1: this guy sure seems fun at parties         then push '*block*' and move on, whining  liberal.      why are you bringing me into this?


r e d a c t e d        e       d       a       c       t       e       d


well read the rules cuz you're breaking 1 and 7


going to a restaurant,ordering food and paying for it is oppressing the minorities......................................................


it is terribly annoying and sad, but think of it like this:      now you know who your real friends are. don't let people use you, especially people pretending to be "friends".


bhai sandhvi pragya, yogi and ramdev all are sanyasi. they don't renounce as a sanyasi but they renounce their personal life for society.all 3 have gone enough tapasya in their life.you should listen about sandhvi recent interview where she explains how she went through extreme torture n survived just to save hindus against congress. a nonsanyasi would havs broken easily but she stayed strong. same with ramdev who didn't eat grains or was eating food with help bikhsha till he was 30.then decided to change the karma of his life. yogi however was dedicated to the matha, and renounced his personal life to enter in politics these are all forms of sanyasi.all 3 have mentioned enough times in their interview how they are sanyasi.      


my brother's econ teacher went on some tirade once about it being sexist to call your girlfriend "my girl" or "my woman" orwhatever because it implies ownership.  (guess he forgot that women will call their boyfriends "my guy" or "my man".)  i told him that he should have told the teacher, "wow, i sure am glad to have you as my teacher."


it's also unfeasible. we have insurance not because we can't afford when we need a physical but because when we really need health care, we can't afford it. spend 3 days in the hospital and you won't be able to pay that direct to anyone, even cutting out the insurance overhead.


that's what i heard. i'm sorry.  i'm glad you're unbanned. the whole thing was odd.


this is laughable. the republicans' economically right faction has been shrinking rapidly in recent years and now apart from justin amash and rand paul, it's basically dead. the gop's real problem is how its becoming indistiguishable economically from the democratic party. as paul says, what was the last president who even tried keeping a budget? it was probably pre-reagan.


how the fuck is it queerbaiting?? even if the model is a member of the lgbtq community doesn't mean that they'd be into the person that they have to kiss for an ad or commercial.  the person was doing their job and acting.  if this person can't seperate real life from a picture in a magazine, they've got issues.


even crazier when you find out mega metagross is uber.


when did the rust belt become the south?


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      **[rule 2: personally identifying information is not allowed, period]([URL]      > this is a sitewide rule. submissions must not contain information which allows people to identify and/or contact those featured. this includes full names, locations, email addresses, phone numbers, etc. verified accounts (with blue checkmarks) are considered as public figures and so don't need names censored.         social media submissions (facebook, twitter, google+, etc.) must be screenshots, and must have names, usernames, [USER] and other personal info redacted. **this includes non-person accounts**, since the intention is to prevent people finding the comment threads.             ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


something like 95% of refugees in sweden don't have jobs. just saying.


exactly! and it provided a convenient neo-confucian explanation for historians as well; see how this ruler got overthrown after his regime collapsed in famine and flood? well, it's not that the divinely appointed son of heaven got overthrown by rabble, oh no; the mandate of heaven was removed, and passed to the guy who ended up coming out on top, and the natural disasters which sparked the revolts in the first place were just signs that this transaction was happening.      really convenient how it tied up all the loose ends to keep people from questioning the system, huh? almost like it was a quasi-theological theory made up to preserve confucian influence through dynastic change


there it is: 'y'all can't behave' but with a happy ending.


> sociobiology, evolutionary psychology      those are...not really two different things


spoken by someone who doesn't know what violence, self defense or nazis are.


cool you feel me on that though. i don't know why, it's really hard to explain but his eyebrows give off ted bundy vibes and it adds to the nefarious look.


its sickening to see models promote eating disorders or photoshop as body positivity or what "looks good." anorexia is not ok. obesity is not ok. i am not talking about the people who are naturally skinny or thicker or if its to raise awareness due to some type of thyroid issue or etc. i'm talking about the ones who are not willing to change their lifestyle (like they eat too much junk food) and become healthier for their own sake. instead of encouraging such behaviors, people should encourage them to get  the necessary medical help.      on top of that body positivity should be embracing your natural body type. whether it be a pear, banana, apple, hourglass or etc. fashion designers make different styles that cater to different body types. its ridiculous when people get upset when an outfit doesn't look good on them, when its not for their body type to begin with. embracing their body type is the best way to figure out what makes them look beautiful. like wearing a size 4 when they're really a size 14. not only do they make themselves look bad but it gives them a harder/very uncomfortable time forcing themselves in spanx and corsets. do yourself a favor and wear clothes that work for you, don't wear it just bc its what so and so wore or its what society wants. everyone is beautiful or handsome in their own unique ways.       off course, being outright rude is never acceptable. thats just being an a*shole


thank you.  and thank you for not taking offense to the question.      do not give any one else the key to your happiness.  sex is something shared between 2 people.  you know it's right when you can openly talk about it.  it's important to the relationship and it is also important to keep it only between you two.      have fun with it.


that doesn't give people to right to act like asshats, and to also disregard and deny that sometimes people who do believe they are 100% homosexual (and this applies vice-versa as well...) can end up with feelings for the opposite sex. it seems pretty close-minded to deny that this happens. i've even seen people get ridiculed over this notion by other lgbt+ members.


sounds like donny took massive dose of vaccines before writing this tweet


that's all very true.  tbh, nobody should place trust in individual police they do not know.  it's not a relationship that requires trust, anyway, in fact skepticism and caution will serve you much better in that interaction.  the relationship between you and your lawyer requires trust, the relationship between you and the police requires a camera and a microphone at this point, but definitely not a shred of trust.


i watched this is the end on netflix for the first time, and had a butcher's at the discussion thread.


because steve irwin definitely didn't get thousands of children to learn and care about wildlife or animals


there's still slavery in libya lmao


i prefer lungi


my grandparents are from china they've given me the story multiple times and i still don't understand


it definitely is, their entire post history is enough to keep trolls fed for a week, especially since she's dating the stereotypical american patriot who was in the military


absolutely. it is very easy to identify these old guard folks too. they always seem ready to attack other users, start drama, then act like they don't understand why people can't just enjoy the snark. i think these are also the people who freak out the most about "leghumping" when 9 times out of 10 said leghumping was just a snarker who made a observation that wasn't malicious snark. as long as that continues, i agree the drama likely will too.


the really shitty thing is, they might be right about it being *going* to happen. you tell and entire generation of young white men from the time they're in pre-school through college that all the world's problems are their fault, that they owe their money, slot in college, job, and everything else to other people just because of their skin color, tell them that being white is evil, etc and you just might end up turning a lot of those boys, who otherwise would have been fine, into actual racists. sometimes i wonder if that is actually one of the left's goals. when you don't have an enemy to fight and seem like the hero, just create one.


i made it right before i posted it


there was not civil discussion


but at the same time, fuck home depot. why? you may ask. well their muriatic acid is 'green' for the only reason of being 20% instead of 32%. 'less fumes!' they say. obviously political bias is running amok if a chemist cant even buy concentrated hcl otc.


dude your a viking


yes you have narrowed your search down to around 5 lakh ppl now. at this rate you'll have my entire bio in 2 days. i'll be slightly more careful from now on.      but any problems with getting doxxed? as long as i'm non extremist i shouldn't be in any trouble right?


tbh i posted it for the title.


that's why i said "well dressed", be it saree or jeans! i


probably b8 but in this fantasy scenario the op is an absolute l a d


r/brandnewsentence?


all time high baby


well, we need victims for the full moon special soooo... sort of yes?


is it possible to learn this raw strength?


22 and out of uni, opportunities for meetint people reduced a lot.


...and issue it a us birth certificate


granted in their std videos their response to that feeling is 'i dont like this, so i wont watch it anymore' and they leave it at that, while here they're mocking the ridiculously extreme reactions some people have to not liking something.


i remember looking at the harmless picture and being so damn confused? because like, i knew that kimonos were sold and gifted to tourists. and...it was literally a little girl's birthday. it's not as the kimono was being sexualized or something.





downloadable links:      * [**video with sound**]([URL]      * [**soundless video**]([URL]      * [**audio only**]([URL]      use your mobile browser if your app has problems opening my links.      ***      ^i'm a bot *bleep* *bloop* | [**contact developer**]([URL] | [**info**]([URL] | [**donate**]([URL]


don't pursue lu bu!


anon develops strange relationship with his cat


transference.  "i'm not awful because you are awful!"


they're his alts though.


he wants to fuck your blowhole too


are the food insults related to slurs somehow? i don't get it, can someone explain?


one of the mosques used to be a church


they have good noodles is the only real answer.


keep going i'm almost there.


this is my main account, im so happy to know that you care so much about me.


meh this one seems too on the nose for me. the whole oppressed gamer meme gave it away


i came here after to make a post after i tried and it didn't work for me, but you already had one.  very suspicious


>exactly. the time for remaining silent and out of the public eye is over. investigation is done, and we still have no questions answered.      they are answered. you just don't like the answers.


me


>but then the art director came out and said "we've deliberately toned it down, to be more respectful", you can literally chop somebody's head off, freeze it, and then smash it with your fist... but a bit of thigh?  disrespectful!      "i cant be a leering creep and stare up skirts in real life or in video games anymore! political correctness and social justice is persecuting me!"


> openly, nakedly racist.      somewhere, somebody, supposedly has a tape of him using the n-word.  there is no actual public record of him saying it and he hires and promotes blacks and he even sued palm beach to allow country clubs to desegregate but obviously he is openly, nakedly racist because someone said so.


what's good


no bald people


and bless you for that, i've been all over those vegan cooking resources dealing with my autoimmune and digestive disorders.


this is from ls last elections.


isn't this the same kind of hatred that these people are supposed to be against?  like they'll hound someone with a "god hates fags" poster but won't bat an eye at a man getting assaulted for being white and probably join in.  the hypocrisy is strong with these people.  but it's like mlk says hate can't be fought with hate, only love can defeat hate.


ghor kalyug


tbh i would love a sequel that plays like 10 years after the original


they would break bread at the abortion clinic and chit chat about raising taxes so the peeps can get some free shit.       at least jesus had a job (carpenter). so far as i know bernie has never earned a penny off the government dole


sadly we can't change the world. but we can change the way we see the world and change our world.          be the change you want to see in the world.  we as a whole may have disappointed mr rogers, so strive to do what you can, to make yourself proud. to take a small piece of that disappointment away


this is the only woke take


i'm so sorry they said those things to you. you deserve so much better. i really think you should seriously consider some of the suggestions people have put forward. do you have somebody that you could stay with maybe?       please try to take care of yourself and protect yourself sorry but fuck your dad for saying those things and i'm sorry your mum didn't stand up for you. i hope stuff will turn around soon.       sorry


bring more alts pls.


don't ask for things you aren't willing to give back in return.


>wouldn't it being text based possibly point to a female dominant demographic? erotica seems to primarily be consumed by females after all.      good point, though i'm not sure if the demographics of people exchanging letters is different than the one reading erotica. women can get laid irl more easily and reddit isn't a big place for female-oriented fetish shit so i just assumed it was men.


the fact that they gave that reason just shows what a joke reddit is, also the fact that /r/ageplaypenpals isn't quarantined yet


self declaration.


as a darqwolff alt i have to say, you bitching about someone you've never done anything to always posting hostile responses to you on /r/drama makes me laugh a big hearty laugh.


like bags of sand.


why doesn't this person just fuck off.


terfs?


seethe


rhea butler is clay aiken.


that's kind of horrible, because each case should be treated as something horrible that shouldn't have happened at all. it's very unfortunate you had to deal with such a treatment.


a straight‐to‐tv adaptation of *the lusty argonian maid*.


name one good female rapper besides snothaproduct.


[URL]   literally the first one that popped up when i googled "gender based iq difference international"      "no consistent gender differences (variance ratios) were found across countries in any of the three broad ability domains. instead, males were more variable than females in some nations and females were more variable than males in other nations. thus, the well-established u.s. findings of consistently greater male variability in mathematical and spatial abilities were not invariant across cultures and nations."


no, you're a traitor for having the wrong melanin level /s


i love that you think i can't grasp the concept of mocking lol


no ghar wapsi.. this is classic पिछवाड़ा बचाना action. when you start sensing that the political party that you have been bashing on in the name of 'comedy' is going to attain power again, you've to save your career.


i don't know how much evolutionary psychology is useful or evidenced, i'm sure there is a lot of hard working people who use it to come to valid conclusions. but in casual situations it sure is a buzzword to spot people who are going to use it as an excuse to justify shitty behaviour.      x *may possibly* confer some sort of reproductive advantage under certain circumstances i have made up, therefore it *is definitely universal to all humans*.


echo chambers can be a real bitch.


first spend a week studying the wikipedia article on the british peerage system and inheritance laws then you can start thinking about reading the pre-tutorial manual.


? context


and people don't like it when i call this place a hate sub. curious.


maybe theyre mlp dragonkin. pretty sure spike ate gems


why do i feel like i am reading without my glasses on?


these people's obsession with race will never cease to amaze


to quote caddicarus; "you can call it style, i call it terrible."


i swear this is a poe but given what i've seen? i don't know anymore.


the s in stem is supposed to refer to the exact sciences.      medical science is *a* science, but it is not an exact science like physics, chemistry or biology.


they are related by the fact that this person wants to conflate irrelevant hashtags with relevant ones.


which is why those 60% should be treated like shit?


got it.


i actually love the reasoning with the parking space (except if they ditched disabled spaces along with the reserved ones)


but the seriousposts in response are worse than when chapo went private.


shit glad we can finally cheat, it's only the 21st century.


if there weren't any "immigration policy" the place wouldn't turned far right long ago.


in america we are innocent until proven guilty. he doesn't need to be exonerated. he's already innocent.


i do not like to talk about race.      *proceeds to write an entire article about how we need to talk more about race*


[long] i gave my stbxw everything; i want her to die


yes, they is.


the trump era calls for an 'american spring'...each of us has a mini trump in the city council or school board or state legislature that needs to go. (sh)


if you're shitting on centrists for being too far right then it's not the right thats gone radical.


probably better than the actual ending.


y'know, these (the linked) threads do a great deal to show how fundamentally differently we all view the world. because i believe the people who wrote that do genuinely believe they are in the right, just as much as i believe they are completely out there.


it's currently at 9,999 subs - i'm tempted to be the one.


til there was a wing of the nazi party focused on workers right. it was a radical movement calling for mixture of left and right wing ideas


it's 'cos it's harder for water to evaporate when the air is already saturated with water. sweating works via evaporative cooling so effectively it feels a lot warmer.


a true friend checks anyway.


well, that's just some prime /r/movies material, right there.


[[URL]


bed bug ptsd is no joke. had it for like a year.


kill all white people...      ...with kindness. you assumed it was racist.


he took the bogpill


is it that difficult to separate an artist from their politics? i don't really care what alec baldwin thinks if he's in a good movie.


i hope he's written off the show like the simpsons wrote off poochy.


wall is a reference to execution.


i think most of us would be happy if the mods just followed their own rules.      op is actually breaking one of their rules: trump supporters only      he probably would've gotten away with it if he didn't let his bias slip.


/[USER]       well i guess you were wrong. i'm not reposting this again just to get it removed and waste more time.      just be honest next time and say /r/squaredcircle submissions *aren't* allowed here since those threads *never* last longer than an hour at most before they get mod sniped.


don't use "[highest karma user]", use "g-slur".


obvious misogynist bait specifically crafted to make op look good. the douche nature of op shines through tho


i really want to see an artist make characters too dark just for the reactions. would tumblr implode?


yes. capslock is all the authority anyone should ever need.


now i'm sucked into your lies   through russel, not his muscles but percussion he provides


in my opinion it all died with jiraiya


no one gave you the real answer so here it is. the book that all the rotk games, shows, and movies are based off of was written a couple centuries later around the time or a bit after of the fall of the foreign khanite led dynasty, the yuan dynasty.      the northern yuan dynasty did not fall all at once, and for a while they stayed in contention with the southern ming. luo guanzhong might have been putting the names liu bei,cao cao and sun quan on paper, but it was really exposé on current or recently historical political events.       the southern ming saw themselves as fighting an illegitimate foreign dynasty to reestablish a dynasty ruled by the ethnically han people's, in the same vein as liu bei trying to reestablish the venerable han empire in shu-han from wei usurpers.      so liu bei became an allegory for the southern ming patriots and cao cao for the evil northern led yuan "usurpers". basically rotk was written to be propaganda so of course liu bei was righteous and cao cao the cynical villain.


ok bby


at this point it's harassment.


can't group southern, racist, nationalist, and religious peoples into one group when all 4 have different beliefs and ideologies and still be taken seriously dude.      in doing so you become just another group talking shit about other groups creating and spreading hate and division.


imagine being this mad over a video game


i knew this was going to pop up in here!      this is a dicey topic.  over there someone pointed out that she should have gone to a more pet friendly place, but people are forgetting that prior to esa laws opening up, it was *impossible* to find pet friendly places.  *especially* for large animals.  i lived in an apartment complex in the 00's with a dog run that allowed large dogs, and worked there for a bit.  we were the *only* complex that allowed dogs in the area, through the major city we abutted.  and by the time i left, they had come up with the brilliant idea of instituting "pet rent," an increase of rent to cover pet fees on *top* of usurious non-refundable security fees.        esa certification allowed people to have a pet, a desperately needed pet who yes, have been proven to have deep psychological benefits to their people, without having to go through all of the difficulties.  especially poor people, who are usually unable to find other methods of coping and need them the most.      on the other side, not everyone can handle esa's.  i love dogs, i've had some amazing dogs.  but i was attacked as a child by a few dogs and it took a while for me to manage my fear and distrust.  i still have a deep and unreasonable hatred of cocker spaniels, can't help it.  my husband is allergic.  i am too, mildly though.  if the dog has been bathed in a week, i'm usually fine.      we were in a pizza restaurant eating and a couple came in with an [afghan dog]([URL]  they allowed some children to play with and pet the dog, which was shedding noticeably as it was summer.  my husband started to have an allergic reaction.  the couple sat, he asked the pizza people to please have the dog put outside.  as he was doing this, some customers came in behind where my kid and i were sitting, saw the dog, made disgusted comments, and left.      husband stormed back and left; they chose to keep the dog in the restaurant despite his visible allergic reaction.  my husband, the man i call snow white incarnate, who held a battered dog on the side of the road we found until the police arrived to take her to the vet, just wanted to eat in peace and this was denied him.  so, we left.  the emotional presence of a dog for that couple was more important than the physical health of my husband.      i've utilized the esa privileges (for housing), as i do have qualifying conditions.  i've never taken my animals anywhere they wouldn't legally be allowed without it, however.  i still remember vividly what it felt like to have that dog turn and look at me and lunge.  i still see it every time i see a cocker spaniel.  i see my husband with certain dog breeds, even though he adored them, red eyed, runny nosed, choking.  i also remember how lucky i felt to find a place that allowed big dogs so i could get my girl, and the amazing life i had with her.        it seems to me we need to have much clearer rules.  we need to be able to have purely animal free places for people who legitimately need it *and* places that allow it.  the issue is that when you give a landlord the option, they will generally choose no animals since that is the cheapest option.  (seriously, one couple force bred their pitts to sell the litter - inbred idiots - and kept the pups indoors so we wouldn't know and then absconded in the night.  we had to go down to the sub floor it was so bad). if you force it to be open to all, then you have no place for the people who *can't* be around animals and are unable to afford to pay for a house.  why are they worth less than people who need esa's?      edit: fix words


who the fuck goes around sending messages to people because their spotify profile is not up to their taste?


clearly you don't believe in infinite timelines


its filled with that kid that was slightly advanced in middle school and never learned discipline. just costed through school and hit a rock afterwards. never learned how to think shit through. now in the real world they can't deal with complex issues, it's too much heavy thinking, but at the same time they still think they are advanced.


if you're not on any of the big subreddits i doubt you'll see him, guy's still managed to rack up no less than 23,000,000 karma.


the same vanguard party that will eventually become one of two things: a bourgeoisie-stand-in bureaucrat class in a devolved worker's state that is inferior to its capitalist counterparts (ussr) or a newly enriched bourgeoisie of a state capitalist shithole that treats its workers worse than it's capitalist counterparts (post-mao prc).


look at all this drama


smash the necromatriarchy      outlines:      1. *this post* - [outline]([URL]      ^(*i am a bot for posting outline.com links.*) [^(*github*)]([URL] ^/ [^(*contact for info or issues*)](/message/compose?to=\/[USER])


strawmen are fun


sue them


because it tells lesbians that they need to sleep with men or else be labeled as transphobic. google "cotton ceiling" to become extremely dissapointed.


[USER], a mod of r/animemes got banned for this:   [URL]   (another user claiming the cause is his most recent post: [URL] )      as part of the admins inforcing the new tos   most commonets are furious about his ban, claiming there is nothing sexual about an anime character in a bikini, and that the character is in highschool.   they are claiming that the admins are hypocritical banning lolis and letting other stuff stay up:   [URL]      [URL]      even gb is mentioned:   [URL]   most of r/animemes frontpage is about his ban right now.   as you can see people are so upset they are threatening to leave reddit.


probably about the same time as trump is in peach mints....


yeah but off the wall was michael jackson s best album.


thanos car      thanos car


>its quite clear that the average feminist also believes that      do you have any evidence of this? you should have plenty if it's clear.


wasn't there like a whole south park episode about this?


i'm sorry but neither of them are white, and sombra is pale because she has a gun to her head


we have lost so much      \*\*sigh\*\*


if someone told me to do that i would kick her in the fucking lung.


s


america invented fascism literally before the pyramid at gaza was done      true fact      hey has hamas thought about selling their pyramid to help them buy some of those sweet fireworks they use to entertain their israeli bros?


don't you know it's not possible to be racist against races of people who are statistically less likely to be leftists?


color is still the correct spelling though. american spelling isn't incorrect, it's just different.


people need proof because all of these people who claim to be spokesmen for pocs (something i certainly don't appreciate. we can speak for ourselves) make outrageous claims that can't be proven.      'one guy catcalled me at a street?" that means every guy that come across me on the street wants to rape me!" <-- this is how you sound.      privilege means that you have accessibility to things that many other people don't have. i will not deny that in history and even now it's probably easier for a white guy to get a job over a black guy. but you want to know why people believe this? because we have verifiable proof of pocs being barred entry from getting better jobs by racist assholes.      you can't just make the claim that a poor white guy is always going to have more privilege than a black man making 6 figures. that is simply not true in every case.


they were all secretly gay or the gay community is claiming it.


maybe a search for "asians" comes up with porn because "asians" don't really have that much in common except for certain facial features.


op, you're clearly too *dump* to keep up with him.


so, he makes a joke on international joke day and people are angry


i had forgotten the exact mechanics. should have said *less* due to how the power drawing and mulligans work.      > no idea why you decided that this promo fit here.      because there was a game i liked that addressed, at least in part, the issue of mana screw.       on the plus side you're only 4 days late to the thread, welcome!     


this is a troll account


i would hope so, because that went past "bad look" and went straight to "captain marvel failed intersectionality miserably there, and people who support cm vs. battle angel alita are white feminism personified."


i mean, they are?  cognitive neuroscience and neuropsychology study the same thing, but are still very different fields, with the people studying them generally having different degrees.


reddit: silence any opinion you disagree with.


please tell me this is a joke.


i suffer from anxiety and i have to take meds, so i'm not "neurotypical" (i hate this term), but... i don't find insulting horror movies set in old psychiatric hospital. maybe banal, but not offensive.      just me?


yeah, i wondered how they figured out where the blind spot was too. if it had been london uk instead of chicago they wouldn't have been able to do it... every single square inch of that city is on multiple cameras.


so all i need to know to be salma hayek's husband is...more than 25.5 billion.      she didn't marry him for his looks, that's for sure.


wait a moment, i thought cal poly said they *were* getting rid of chick-fil-a.


got show is literally fantasy capeshit.


you are trashing seinfeld?! the fuck you watch? sunday surmons?


if she doesn't understand that "picklechin looking headass" means [redacted] then you need to [redacted] and yeet her out of your life, partner.


i am constantly amazed at the blatant double standard being shown by reddit here.       i mean, if i were a lefty and took a look around i'd see that my side had the entire education system on lock, the entire media complex on lock, the entire news system on lock, further i would notice that on reddit we have free reign to espouse violent thoughts and fantasies towards the right, even quarantining those that don't agree with us or would point out our violent streak.....and i'd notice we were still losing..       i'd like to think that i would be aware enough to maybe realize that we were losing because our argument just isn't that strong.


>technically skirt is better for bois as it will keep tattas cooler and pants are better for girls. weird flex but okay.      may i introduce you to a lungi


groovy.


anything that helps perpetuate the myth that anyone not identifying closely with mainstream democrats just doesn't like ____ skin color of people. it can't possibly be based on the quality (or lack thereof) of an individual's ideas.


the tumblr witch community is also basically a social media based cult.


\>congressperson        [[URL]


conan is also a really cool guy who i don't see talk about us politics that often.      and of course if you really never want to see politics (and can put up with a little cringe) jimmy fallon stated he would never talk about politics and so far has kept that promise.


>i just like triggering cloggies      fresh, barely rotting flair


watch police footage of jussie with fake noose around his neck. bad for kamala and obamas - big league politics


she didn't work.  she stayed home with our 2 kids.  she got the house she wanted.   she got the cars she wanted.  i did all of the housework.  i did all of the yard work.  i learned to cut down tall trees and turn them into small logs for her.  i learned to repair cars for her.  i took her wherever she wanted go.  plays, vacations, concerts, art shows, festivals.  some days i would actually sit on the riding mower and think about how lucky i was.      then my wife suffered an aneurysm.  i spent 10 days shuttling between the hospital with my wife and the home with our kids.  whatever she wanted i brought to her.  whatever the kids needed, they got.  the balls stayed in the air.      in the months following her release,  i took care of her like a nanny.  whatever she wanted she got.  she wanted a new car.  we got her the top of the line package.  she wanted a new tv.  she wanted a new laptop.  she wanted new clothes and a new kitchen.  done and done and done and done and done.      she entered peri-menopause.  everything that she could not control became enemy.  she became paranoid.  she obsessed over the minutes between my end of work and when i got home.  she obsessed over my daily mileage.  an extra tenth of a mile or an extra minute meant that i was fucking the neighbor.  she claimed that i tricked her into buying the new car and the new kitchen when she was weak.  we did not have sex for the final three years of cohabitation.       the kids began to suffer.  she became increasingly volatile and violent.  many times i came home to a broken interior door or a hole in a wall.  if i was home i had to be ready to get between my wife and my children at the drop of a hat.  he rmother pleaded with her to get professional help.  our pastor pleaded with her to seek professional help.  i agreed to see a therapist with her and, after our third session, the therapist told her that she should seek help from a phd level neuropsychologist.        eventually the kids moved out of the house.  she demanded that i remove them from my will.  she demanded that i stop supporting them in any way.  i was to stop their annual gifts.  i was to stop paying for their health insurance.  she threatened to call my hr department, pretending to be me, and remove them from my benefits.  she stole tens of thousands of dollars from their accounts and was charged with multiple felonies.  my children asked the prosecutor to go lightly on their mother and the charges were dropped after she returned their money.      eventually she filed for a tro because she claimed that i was stalking her.  i moved out and filed for divorce.      i have offered to give her everything.  the house that is nearly paid off and easily sold or refinanced.  the cars that are paid off.  every single piece of movable property.  all i want in return is my retirement.  i just want to be shut of her.  she refuses to respond to my offer.      she has filed for disablilty benefits so that she can receive spousal support.  she has filed for multiple tros, all denied.  denied but costly to the defendant.  if one stuck i would probably lose my job.     she is hell-bent on bankrupting me even though it bankrupts her, too.      her death would make everyone sad but our lives would improve immensely.


it's very hard to moderate people who lack good personal boundaries. sadly, there was probably no good option for you after months boundaryless contact i think it's best just to stay low. in time she'll develop other relationships and become fixated on them. this is kind of the friendship equivalent of "don't put your dick in crazy".


>works in a factory       worked in a factory. she's been told not to come back.


based and babylonianpilled.


the thing that i'm happiest about is the person that would make these tags isn't going to be teaching even more students on why the whyte mayun is baaad!


you mean the airplane toilet doesn't work like a crop duster?


hmmm...


sure he didn't originate them, but it's definitely where people get the idea to do them now since he's so popular.


i'm gonna shoot my boss...      ... a quick email informing him that i'll have the report complete by tomorrow.


should we let straight have their own pride parade? guildwars2 discusses!


right. cause christ wanted us to give our money to the government so the government could give charity and save our souls.       pro tip, cut out the middle man


i mean,  i just like watching them melt.  admittedly it was cooler with smaller number of figures you could see how they deformed and twisted up.             admittedly i think mike is the pop culture manbaby that he makes fun of.  jay atleast likes puppet porn.


[URL]


how the he'll is chicfila  killing us exactly?  


based


hey ben_and_the_jets! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * your post requires users to hunt for the drama.       you linked to too much content for users to find the drama easily.      please link directly to the comment thread containing the drama. if the comment you're linking to requires some context, add "?context=x" to the url, where "x" is the number of parent comments you want displayed. if there are multiple drama threads create a self-post containing the relevant links. please see [here]([URL] if you'd like more information            if you're unsure how to use context or to submit a write up, please check out our [wiki](/r/subredditdrama/wiki/ruleswiki_using_.3fcontext).            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


here's [another article]([URL] where she does an interview and talks about how she went to the doctor and he gave her sleeping pills, if you're into that sort of thing.  it does also have a response from the company, which is interesting:      >the incident at the sterling heights assembly plant in february was the  subject of an exhaustive investigation conducted by external  investigators. although we have been unable to identify the person  responsible, if and when that person is identified, their relationship  with the company will be terminated. fca will continue to conduct  focused training to underscore the value of diversity and inclusion.  this type of behavior will simply not be tolerated.      they're either accepting that it was intended to be a noose, or just trying to hand-wave the case away.  i can see a million reasons why you'd fire somebody for improper use or equipment or leaving a safety hazard like that laying around, so it's easy enough to say "whoever did it will be fired", then change subjects and mention that you have a zero tolerance policy for harassment, even if it's unrelated to the reasons why you'd fire the person who left the rope out.


the fear/reprisal tactic only works when most people go along with it.  if the community as a whole decided to give police the information required to arrest these people, the problem would solve itself quickly.  when only one or two people will cooperate, yeah, easy target and they're risking their lives by standing out from the herd.


huh?


not the best opening weekend popcorn but *green beret moonlighting as <shitty job>* seems like it could have excellent legs as flair pasta. some estimates expect a meme-tiplier as high as 3.14x.


they figured out reddit already?


user on r/borderlands says epic games store exclusivity isn't an excuse for piracy, drama ensues


i was all about jolteon as a kid, mostly for the novelty of having an electric type that could learn various different attack types.       but without a doubt flareon is the cutest of the bunch. second place is eevee in my opinion.


there is the intellectually and morally superior side, and then there are the right wingers. [+398] - r/the_mueller


do white people even call asians the "model minority"? isn't that more often used by progressives as some weird way to point out how asian people's success doesn't actually mean that white people aren't racist?


they had to make room for corn memes and mods=gay jokes.


the "so-and-so is cancelled" shit is fucking lame.


>fotns.      what's that ?       i compared them to anime in general not jojo and fotns . too much of cuckoldry present there in anime . well the "capeshit" movies are a personal choice and regardless of the direction marvel is taking since disney has started their sjw agenda , this movie the last of the movies that are watchable without cringing.


> all-unown metagame      i mean...


i am, as always, just fucking with you. you seem like a nice enough guy      as one of the like 5 genuine southpaws left on this sub, this is a big day for me. look at all the tireless gloating and preening i'm doing in every thread. just let me have this


i hope gearbox goes for maximum spice and hardware bans anyone who pirated their game. awfully nice of the gamer culture to give them plenty of heads up that they're going to steal gearbox's game.


bengol izz uh bordor of baangladase.


sauce?


you're upset that op's aren't praising you for your words? not to sound incredibly rude, but it's a selfish way to view things. if i respond to something, i'm doing it hoping my words will help someone. i do not expect a well thought-out response.       people as a whole shouldn't be kind, and then expect something grand in return. take comfort in knowing your words probably helped to lift their spirits, or gave them some great advice they needed :)


i got banned.


why?


kek


if i see someone driving recklessly i have the right to crash their car and kill everyone inside! it's for my safety!!


it's certainly an interesting perspective... i know several people who are trans and the opinion seems to be a bit split; some of them think you aren't trans if you don't have dysphoria, others believe you can be neutral as your assigned gender and happy as your new one which means you don't need dysphoria per se.   i think a lot of the conflicts on this issue come from what someone encompasses when referring to "gender dysphoria".


what in the mother fuck?!      it would be at least slightly less disastrous to simply be a regular hoarder, stuffing gems down your mouth like thats a completely natural way to go about things is worse than never throwing away newspapers.


well, my wife does have a pikachu figure that looks like he's throwing the nazi salute.


remember when he said antisemitism is bad


i know that must have felt good to say!!!!  keep your voice!!! you have to pick up the slack in raising your kids but don't let that make you bitter.  your kids will see your ex very clearly one day.  let that give you some peace.


bazinga


well if it was not for rap music i would not idolize pimps and would not have known the f slur until much later in life.  gangster rap made me a maniac.


people are such a hypocrite


> i've been in hundreds of f-35 arguments.      you've had at least 200 arguments about an airplane?


i fixed it. my apologies. . .


or warmth.


they are, but in denial.


depending on the amount of drugs/alcohol, that nappie might still be a good idea.


oh should of asked if that nazi doctor really did advance medicine or was he just playing torture fun.


downloadable links:      * [**video with sound** via [URL]      * [**soundless video**]([URL]      * [**audio only**]([URL]


racism = prejudice + power


it worked with tiananmen square.


kakashi vs obito is a amazing fight.


did you see that banner ad that pops up at the top of the blog page as you scroll? gotta get those ad pennies.


brah 200 is nothing for someone as legendary as him


> and incels i guess too since i would imagine there's not a ton of liberal incels      [URL]      [URL]      [URL]      [URL]      [URL]      [URL]      [URL]      hmm.


op, limitations in animal testing, does not equal "completely unreliable" as you stated in your blog. perhaps you can step back and see why people might think you have an agenda.


i didn't know you went through such hardship! i can definitely see your point, it is undoubtedly a good idea to amplify the pain of that experience by forever keeping that wound open and feeling pain about it. hope your wretched resentful existence is as painful and non-ending as you wish it to be. :)


i find it funny how these guys use 'religious' and 'christian' as insults.


how is "number of upvotes" any metric of accuracy? just because people think something sounds right doesn't mean it's real - otherwise horoscopes would be a lot more accurate.


uh. idk where she's thinking, but as a hetero artist i can confirm she isn't right .


unfortunately for me i pretty much only do ranked, and don't really like to queue with others :/ so i know i'm kind of letting it happen but it still sucks


followed with a ban for calling her garbage in her own post making fun of banning folks as a mod


this just vaguely reminds me of that old post with the person throwing an entire tantrum because their local book store gave a harry potter costume contest award to a child instead of them      edit: oh my god that post is almost 15 years old now i'm going to slide right into my crypt now thanks


and in the american south nothing is within walking distance and if you try you have to cross three miles of parking lot which is 130 degrees at least.


a "race realist" blogger obsessively analyzes the connection between oprah winfrey's success & her enormous skull capacity and brain size


jr. has already retweeted some goombah about the reddit quarantine. daddy tweets will be following soon


the proper response to "as friends" is "fine, but you're paying for yourself."


yeah i feel for this too good shit too. 100$ cheeper rent (in a fucking expensive area) cool. moved in like 2 days ago and fucking roaches. not infestation levels, but i can kill like 6 a night ez.


this situation is shitty for all christians.      because people point and say, "look at what they do... they let kids be abused and they hide it and they don't report it to authorities."      we all know that anywhere there are kids, you'll find predators.  we know that protestant denominations have abusers, too.  the difference is that if a protestant church finds out a sunday school teacher has abused a kid, they call the cops and take care of the kid.     


who's that dude? i think my granddad was a fan.


this seems like a wonderful piece of environmental legislation.  i'm sure the left will love helping the enviro-      what, they don't actually care about the environment?  just using it as an issue to paint conservatives as "anti-science climate deniers"?


it's as if i just watched gordon ramsey make a succulent main course on tv, and he then rang my doorbell and proceeded to cook me a delicious dessert while narrating his masterful process verbally abusing me in the comfort of my own home.       10/10


christianity allows idol worship due to a political schism.  it's not at all inherent in the religion itself


around two years maybe. if he's actually spending what he says he is.


op is pretty gross tbh.


oh fuck no


because getting an md takes much longer and costs much more, and it has been shown across disciplines that male applicants devote more time and resources to achieving work status than females, who dedicate more time to family and recreation


>i'm gonna squash your grapes if you keep talking to me like that, you dumb fucking biscotti.      these god damn insults


oh, you aren't white ? go eat a bag of cocks anyway.


yeah that's generally how "slashing taxes" works lol      notice how the cuts go *way* up with income though


9001% based


hot


i can't say i care much, although if this was gender-swapped the outrage would be hilarious.


i have depression. i've had it for about 10 years now. about two years ago i started getting professional help. my doctor thinks it's amazing that my symptoms would persist for so long without showing signs of being bipolar.  he also thinks it's amazing i'm able to function as well as i do in spite of how bad my depression is. but anyway we have spent the last two years trying different medications. clearly none of them have worked. at this point we are running out of medications to try, and i'm not optimistic we will find the golden ticket in the handful of antidepressants that remain. i'm doubtful that i will ever get to feel normal again. i have also heard that depression isn't something you ever cure, it's something you learn to live with. living with it is just code for incurable. if what i heard is right then everyone with depression doesn't get to feel normal again. i have to post this on the subreddit because i don't want to bother anyone with my problems. i'm not worth their time or effort. i just needed to tell someone.


oh i'm just taking the piss bro. this sounds like more than a hoax, this sounds like outright fraud, false testimony to the police, bearing false witness against they neighbor (if you're the religious type).          this dude is fucked ten times over if any of these tweets align with reality.


ahh, dont you hate  that secret mission? siu bao gate. good luck finding it though.


bjp right wing does not entail opposition is left. tbh congress is somewhat in the middle. unko chori aur scam aur helicopter kharidnese phursat mile toh kuch left wale steps leh na, sala idhar mere yahan canada mein liberals ne ghanja legal karvaya... lol out of stock in one week.


to be fair, the monarchy was overthrown *because* they "ended" slavery, not the other way.


of course this person has a shitty illustration of their "fursona" as their avatar.


even worse, imagine shutting down entire conversations because a few people say dumb shit.


for those that never heard of the elias story made by him:     [URL]       he now posted something on r/creepypm's and made another fake convo for karma: [URL]         here are old examples of him trying to farm karma:    [URL]      [URL]       [URL]       edit: looks like he just removed it, don't worry though he will pull out another fake karma story out of his ass on probably another sub besides r/creepypms r/cringepics r/quityourbullshit


goat


i'm sorry you're going through this.


good to see that trickle-down economics at work. (sarcastic) [1.3k] [technology] with a thread all about not understanding how stocks work.


bad idea, the diseases will kill me


dammit op i had a whole draft brewing about this but i was waiting for shit to get juicier .      also i would say this has been brewing since maybe the lauren stuff.


so what does that make you? use a little self reflection.


> do your research      i've found the best answer to this is      >did my research, still wrong      bonus points if you can post it within a minute


i love the poorly educated


that's why we should take a step back and let the police handle things.  also, it looks like the cotton affair was eventually resolved by advances in dna testing, which has become pretty standard in those types of investigations.  don't get me wrong, i hate when anyone is unjustly imprisoned.  my hope is that the police and das have come to the consensus that eyewitness accounts are often unreliable, and evidence should be paramount.


joke by committee. gotta look at the checklist and make sure none of the fragile groups are offended.


nietzsche would say it's the widespread acceptance of slave morality.


saved.


their group photo will explain everything:      [URL]


can i ask, why is this only coming out now? seems like it would have been better for everyone if this had become public in 2017, not long after it happened.


>mayo      uhhh... guys?


i just got laid off. i don't even know what to think, feel, say, do. i've worked for this company for over a year and i got a promotion a few months back and for the first time in a long time i was feeling amazing, not just with my job, but my mental health was the best it has been in a long time and for it to just.. disappear and get that rug pulled from under me so suddenly is just... i dont know. the only word that explains what i feel this exact second is just "numbing". i just feel numb with this whole situation. i already cried, felt sorry for myself, vented with my so. now i got home, and im just sitting in my couch writing this and i just feel. numb.      sorry for the grammar. im not thinking, just, venting it out to get it out of my system.


he's fucking good, credit where credits due.


it's a world gone topsy-turvy.       honk honk.


people actually say 'wypipo'? holy fuck that's so embarrassing


lmk when you play her flute anon


too much "y'all"


originally from r/gorillaz. this person has little to knowledge of the band, and didn't bother to look up who they have collaborated with.


they'll still go hard for the meat.     source: grew up in a vegetarian  indian family and owned a dog. we sometimes gave him mutton. he loved that shit.


hey man i'm with you.


hot


r/anarcho_capitalism would like a word


personally, i'm in the pocket of big strawberry and big pineapple. those things are delicious


all homie needs is mechanical engineering 101


yeah but the fbi is actually a racist nazi organization, so the information they provide isn't credible.      except for when they're trying to take down drumpf, of course.


ever consider using something like playnite?


mods over at r/adviceanimals removed this post for "wrong sub". does not violate any rules.


gonna steal that for my flair, thanks


more like jack nicholson.


i have the heart of a children...


bhenchod apple ko copy krdia poori trh


rip [USER] who tried to get near the border but instead got a bullet from bsf


/r/zerocarb is all over it like flies on a bbq


do you realize that by banning the arresting of white men, it gives them a societal advantage?  


lavda..shes on congi payroll not a bjp hindu supporter..just larping as one.. recently posted a video that triggered sikhs said that gurugranth sahib names ram thousands of times      dont fall for her randaap


so is genital mutilation and cock and ball torture, that doesn't mean it's good


come, let's warm ourselves by the bpt dumpster fire.


bill bill bill bill bill nye the mechanical engineering degree guy (hydraulic resonance suppressors produced by boeing rule!)             just doesn't have the same ring to it somehow.             also, for a guy concerned about the environment.. i don't see why he owns multiple homes.


i ate at a mexican restaurant a few times does that make me racist


[they're teaching their daughters to do it too.]([URL]      > politeness is not the same as shouldering the responsibility to be ever watchful that everyone around us has a clear path.      **bonus:** [replies to that article.]([URL] "don't pretend you know what it's like to be a woman."


you can easily appeal your ban and they should accept. they're only doing this to prevent a mass influx of ca refugees who think ct is a backup ca.


i think only power gem (which is special), ancient power (which has 60 power), and accelerock (which is exclusive to a meh pokemon), have 100% accuracy which really sucks


>microwave      ok kuber devta


i'm just curious because this sounds like the time of person to call you xenophobic for criticizing islam


[URL]      doing the work op won't do


got that backwards. the first post is the edited version, the latter is a repost of the unedited original.


in every other timeline you strangled yourself with your umbilical cord, in this one you were too weak to finish the job


from what i can tell the left right spectrum is more/less government so yeah, right would be anarchy and the left would be communism.      i also understand it to be collectivism to individualism.


if you ask for relationship advice on reddit your partner should immediately be informed and forced to dump you tbh


r/movies discusses whether you can change your mind


the guy downvoted 105 times for suggesting that you shouldn't do drugs if you don't want to go to jail for drugs.


she's probably the most attractive actress in hollywood, that's why


lock it up folks


because the original star wars weren't milked for merchandise *at all.*


i am, i've been going through therapy for a few months now. thank you.


jesus, that mod is a fucking asshole. reminds me of people who are "okay" with gay people as long as they don't express their sexuality ever.


[the classic that started it all]([URL]


they don't fucking eat the gems.      like she could even be arsed to read a book.


yeah but its was like 15%


it actually took me a while to get this,  but,  you my friend are hilarious.


well vedas were created in indus valley civilization. but i think they were in modern day punjab of india.


i'm a mod at the new place. i locked that thread for that exact reason and we have a rule specifically against it. last thing we want is josh apologism.      edit: i locked it and have only let it stay up because the initial comments demonstrated the growing community really didn't agree with the op.


its the kids that are wrong!


why did you think sex, drugs, and rock and roll would be the answer? isn't it notorious for being anything but?      you don't have to ignore pain and suffering to see life as good for the good in life.      > food is another metaphor for decay      decay is a part of life.       and are you forgetting about the cake my dude?


eh. if you have a sub-70 iq can you really hate?


white conservative male support for immigration soars to 100% overnight.


their economy will grow? they'll gain more jobs?      or is this a threat of antifa terrorism


why you draggin' ron stoppable into this?


right? look at what he's posted about his jobs and work history. it makes it sound 200% more off.


hey sry4english! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * your post requires users to hunt for the drama.       you linked to too much content for users to find the drama easily.      please link directly to the comment thread containing the drama. if the comment you're linking to requires some context, add "?context=x" to the url, where "x" is the number of parent comments you want displayed. if there are multiple drama threads create a self-post containing the relevant links. please see [here]([URL] if you'd like more information            if you're unsure how to use context or to submit a write up, please check out our [wiki](/r/subredditdrama/wiki/ruleswiki_using_.3fcontext).            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


remember when reddit didn't exist? the era when something awful had just started and newgrounds was undergoing this golden age of flash between weird shit, good shit, shit shit, and an entire generation going through puberty being expressed online. i want that back, but it can't come back, so it has to all burn down so we can have that experience again.


why have you posted this twice within 30 minutes?


kill all white men   "racism"      ok i believe you.


haha, i still just go with my old school de for when i do shave.


that and a good amount of them are offended that their art isn't listed and is inadvertently called gay.


> cao cao was very adamant about never doing this because he still considered himself a servant of the han dynasty.      i heard it differently, his choice of not naming himself emperor was an image thing. making his son declare himself emperor and therefore himself posthumously too, he gained the title without the scorn it brings from the general public.


it's a euphemism from what i can tell. effectively, it's saying that there should be no intermediaries in regards to paying for healthcare, which is more about getting rid of insurance in favor of "government will pay for it."


holy crap the post history of the guy who posted the article though. over 100,000 karma in 22 days only posting leftist talking points on leftist subreddits.


whoever runs that twitter account just keeps climbing down into the whole with bigger and bigger shovels.  the jimmy's seafood feud is one thing, but they are playing with fire talking shit about steve irwin.


s is for science.  m is for math.  they are separate.


wait hol' up.      i thought questioning the integrity of god emperor mueller was "un-american"?


yeah, at least flamethrower connects. fire blast is almost definitely better competitively (wouldn't know for certain, because i'm not all about that life) but for any casual level of play you're going to want to use flamethrower instead.


that sub is a tankie echo-chamber. by what i've seen, even lsc out of all places considers them too extreme.


the thing with sexuality is that its not a choice. you cant help the way you feel. your mum might not understand, but she isnt going to force you to do anything.       i mean sure you could just "give in" but thats no better than when a gay man would get married and have kids because thats what society expects.       i'm 38 and though i wouldnt say i'm asexual, i have no desire to settle down, get married and have kids. even just having sex is an effort. my sisters have had kids so my parents do have grandkids, but the expectation was there until i made it clear i was happy to be single for the rest of my life.       regardless of what the expectation is, you should do only what makes you comfortable.


for real, if she catches me not paying attention and tries this she is getting fucking trucked, i weigh 255 lbs lady.


tried to move the goal post, how typical. good thing she was disciplined on that about how to stay on the topic


lololololol..,


subreddit dedicated to degenerate moderated by degenerates shock of the century


that's not what they mean. he means they would finally recognize what real fascism is and then would hopefully have the introspection (they wouldn't) to realize how dumb they've been behaving


>ohio      hey now! our lake only caught fire like... twice.


what are the actual genetic risks? from what i've read inbreeding really mostly a problem under certain circumstances. such as either long term inbreeding (hapsburgs represent) or when both parents carry some kind of recessive trait that would be harmful but could be tested for.      i don't think there's actually all that much risk for a single instance of inbreeding. two cousins having a baby isn't going to spontaneously result in lobster-claws.      but i could be wrong, i just did some quick googling again and didn't come up with anything that makes it seem like you are guaranteed to have a water-baby or something.


shes not even that brown,  she could be itallian.


its also a common appeal in fascism. capturing a lost golden age.


someone doesn't 'member 2016. debates mattered quite a bit.      also wapo has it's head up it's posterior if it considers us political debates intellectually engaging.


i mean i'm not like upset about it. i was just shouting my thoughts "into the void ". that is the problem with text, you cannot sense tone. i will continue to comment where i think my comments can help someone. this is not something i am in the least bit upset or mad about and your point about the audience is well taken.


they have an avatar of alex from totally spies. that made me pissed off more than it should have.


in game tutorial is pretty good now


nice one, oedipus


they look 100% bharatiya.


no i refuse to believe that this isn't parody!!!!!!


all the posts about it on drama.


glad i could help...?


what you think happened:      "hey bitch, let's go to a concert. when we're done you have to let me bust in your guts. you owe me"      what really happened:      "hey, i've got tickets to a concert in a city a few hours away, want to come out on a date with me? i dont want to drive back late at night so we would have to get a hotel, is that cool with you?"


a good thing the real world is like the users over there. those people are freakin nuts


there's also /r/dragonsfuckingdragons


ugh ?


people like to be told things they already agree with, but by people with confidence.       it's the same on the right.


in before chapo brigade


i get that it's obviously a joke at his expense, just a bit dumb i guess since she's also putting women down too.


making click noises isn't racist      -signed 19th century man.


unironically considering doing this rn


well, so i *can't* draw other stuff?      how about i do it anyway?


same


usual behaviour there


to be fair i don't think dogs can punch very well.


there are plenty of those, they just don't grow very quickly.


isko amrika me sahi naam se bulate the.. weirdass


this is awful.


does anyone have a pic of him bald and with a beard? he looks kinda badass in that one


i appreciate your enthusiasm for sarcasm, but to become a master you mustn't use /s.      *i'm a human being, and this action was performed manually.*


the egs is a weird thing where people take a understandable opinion of not liking epic's practices/strongly preferring steam and then get super weird about it.


you'll see that on almost any comments section where people disagree with the racebaiting.


absolutely fraudpilled


yep.


real face ? he works for the bhartiya janta party. there is no doubt. no discussion, no explanation needed!!


hi mom      also they banned nexus of fate yesterday, so that's cool


oh hey! it's me before they banned me for "calling out snyder stans" (like this nice example)


un't-whin'ten't


tommy tabsoben


kirby nation-wilfred reilly. in his book "hate crime hoax", professor wilfred reilly examines over one hundred widely publicized incidents of so-called hate crimes that never actually happened.


you don't  even know where nigeria is on a map, and yes nigeria is one of the wealthiest african countries.


not just flareon. it took just as long, and just as many extra physical moves, for people to start taking entei seriously, for the same reasons.


it's cecil the lion all over again?


everyday things


r/iamverysmart


i just realized that california's strict gun laws were made into law to de-arm the black panthers


correction.. main aa gaya!


all the best formal proofs include the phrase "blah, blah, blah, you get the picture".


an adult man who's working life revolves around playing games for children, against children, so children can watch and admire him is a paedophile? i'm shocked.       i assume every twitch streamer and youtuber is a paedophile until i have proof otherwise.


i hate stuff like this. i can't clearly see the picture in the article because it's so small and can't be clicked on to make it bigger. then you have people in here acting as if hate crimes rarely happen or don't happen. or that there are as many hoaxes as there are real incidents.             if she faked it, she just made it harder for real victims to be believed.             edit: just saw a video of the rope in question and i am now wondering why a huge rope was just hanging from the second floor for what looks like either no reason, or an extremely unsafe practice.      i think we need to hear from the company first for an explanation of what that rope is used for and why it was where it was.


this is the biggest april fools shitshow that reddit has ever seen. the turn is r/subforwhitepeople. what will be the prestige.


stonks


i know i usually stick to lighter tones when i paint because i'm shit at darker tones maybe the artist is the same


if we could somehow harness the power these idiots have to squirm out of cognitive dissonance, we might actually be able to do aoc's green new deal.


while the post is a bit silly, i wonder what would be the ratio of people hearing voices or with multiple personality disorder being portrayed as evil/creepy vs portrayed as victims in films? of course film makers are just trying to make money, but stereotypes like these can lead to stigmatization i think      having said all that, asylums are creepy because of the fucked up things that happened in the past - the horrific treatments. in the same way that a "ancient burial ground" would be considered creepy. an old asylum would feel like it must be cursed in the same way the torture chamber in the tower of london seems like it should be creepy. (idk i havent visited)..... so to me none of that seems disablityphobic (i have no idea what the term for that would be)


she was okay with the first sonic design though


giving me a tax cut ***is*** a better america.


based.


it seems you have a misunderstanding of everything i've written here. i never once stated or implied that i expect my partner to support me financially, or physically.  nor did i imply ever that i expect my partner to be my "nurse." fuck no. that's not a fucking relationship. i have enough nurses. why would i want that???      emotional support, sure, but i expect to support them in that department equally as much, it's called being in a relationship.       what i'm saying when i say "rock" is stability, consistency. someone who is there for me through all the shit. someone who is in for the long hall.      i have no idea where you got that other stuff from. but none of those ideas were promoted in my little rant.


i guess i kinda had the inside scoop on this, but its glorious when something you've been saying all along, is proven right. heard has something of a rumour in hollywood, dating back years, as something of a "character". and i'm being nice here.


here's a sneak peek of /r/anarchism using the [top posts]([URL] of the year!      \1: [that moment when police tries to pepper spray yellow vest protesters, but protesters just pepper spray them back]([URL] | [419 comments]([URL]     \2: [someone didn't read homage to catalonia]([URL] | [138 comments]([URL]     \3: [praxis: my school refused to buy the textbooks my class needs, so i made free copies for every student using the school printer]([URL] | [121 comments]([URL]      ----   ^^i'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^contact ^^me]([URL] ^^| [^^info]([URL] ^^| [^^opt-out]([URL]


\>tfw we used to have our own ebin 4chinz app on ios until a recent update cucked it      cost $2 too ;(      fuck apple and their shit ios updates outdating our apps.


how do emojis constantly just get worse and worse with every passing day?  amazing.


yes.


it's happening!      ron paul 2020


well two things:   1) accounting is not maths. not anymore. computers do the book keeping side of things now, which is the raw number crunching. accountants work is interpreting those numbers and making sure they have been recorded correctly      2) simply using maths is not really enough to be considered part of the mathematics branch of stem. at least in my understanding, that is more for people who have math majors specifically, the types who are working out complex theories, using proofs and such, stuff that makes most of us go "wat?" and very little algebra and arithmetic. stuff that helps advance scientific theories, eg calculus was instrumental in helping physics advance, and i would in my opinion consider that to be the minimum to be a part of stem.


>the "reason" that i was fired is for missing a shift and multiple write ups about phone usage.      yeah, guess what? that's a pretty good reason. they kept violating company policies and then no-showed a scheduled work shift which most likely left them in a lurch.


>concern troll posts in r/drama       >


coming 2029


only 44 pct of people don't pay federal income tax. if your household income is under 6 figures (72 pctile), you're literally homeless level.


in india when a man dies, they burn him along with his alive wife.      -netflix movie


that's the m in stem


terf's are just feminists who are open about not wanting a way for men to get any of the special privileges that have been opened up however its quite clear that the average feminist also believes that. in areas like sport where a very small amount of the population takes the majority of the earnings/repute/fame (no one really cares about anything but the top 10 or so individuals) they swiftly moved to remove transgender males.       i'm sure if m2f transgender becomes a large enough group and makes use of the other privileges those same feminists will swiftly move to do the same thing there.


hmm.


i dunno man, did you see how thirsty kia is to get back in?      i'm terrified.  100 gillette blades wouldn't stop them.


is he wrong?


they're referring to him that way because they have no idea who he is beyond that he's white, male, rich, and donated to restore notre dame.


isn't the m in stem meant to be medical?


well, better get to work! those kids arent going to rape themself. /s


quickcrete contains lye.   go bing "cement burns" but i warn you, it's ugly.


the quint is so fucking disgusting.


tiananmen square*


i got 95% on my speech in public speaking class!!!!!!!!


you're an alumnus, this is your alma mater... i think.


she was attempting to possess their souls. but sure, nbd.


it's already begun. lmao


repeating things is the internet equivalent of that thing kids do when they throw a tantrum.


oh i totally get that i still just think it would be easyer to have a system that uses whole numbers, at least on the update/compatibility side of things. drives me nuts for some reason lol


reminds me of a somewhat popular t-shirt design in poland among rebellious youth back in communist times. text on front: "i hate russian..." text on back: "...dumplings!"


op was very proud of their revelation.


the zerocarb label is a misnomer. liver also has carbs. they just kinda stick with the name, but really they are talking about only eating meat. some people are more zealous than others and will not eat dairy and some will not eat pork.


he has to make up the paetron money somehow.


what's funny is that the daily show used to be highly skeptical of the mainstream press during the neoconservative years. now when trump says the phrase "fake news," your average daily show watcher trips over himself to defend legacy media like it's a loyal guardian of the american citizenry. modern leftism is part of "the system" now.


i just....what?


> your mind is diseased.      god this is so accurate! thanks.      >pick a dandelion and hold it in your mouth until you feel the urge to urinate. then, swallow the dandelion and urinate on the spot from which it was picked.      instructions not very clear. you've got any video?


this feels like something you'd see on r/4chan. it just reeks of being purposefully edgy and shitty in an attempt to be interesting.      only this post isn't funny.


hey! i've had the same issue, mine is basically from a bunch of mental issues honestly lol... not saying that's the case for you. but something i practiced and works for me now is scheduling time for myself. or a time to turn my phone on silent-or even, only really responding to those i want to and not anyone out of obligation. take an hour to forgive yourself for taking that time to rest with yourself, at the least. accept it as part of your every day. you can continue with responding another time, but in that time period, you won't. i hope this helps because i know how ungodly frustrating this is.


i want to argue about transgender people more i feel like we're on the verge of finally settling the issue


this comment has zero calories.


>awkward idiot does not make you an asshole though      that's too fine a line for me to care about lmao, if someone did this to my sister's friend he'd be shunned for lying about being friends just to hope to get in her pants


i get what you meant. it's just stupid since each conversation has a bunch of different variables that change the context of the conversation. it's not comparable.


i'm not sure if this is actually a thing or not but i'm going to break down each of memorable highs.      first time getting high: grade 10, at lunch time. i couldnt walk, couldnt stand, barely could speak and sat in the woods for little over 4hours. i was generally afraid for my life and was listening to christian music thinking i was going to die. finally some chick came over and helped me get home which i fellasleep and felt super exhausted when i woke up.      second big high: smoked with a lot of friends and played fortnite, generally felt pretty good. i could only focus on one thing however, but when i focused on it i felt like i could really understand it. we were listening to music and i felt my ears could feel the beat in them (like the trap nation logo in their videos but in my ears). if i rubbed my arms i could feel that same feeling over and over again even though i stopped doing it. felt like my heart was pumping very fast and i was biting down hard on my teeth. i came to the conclusion that what i'm feeling is from the high, almost like a lucid high (??) like i was awareness what i was feeling was from a high and i could control my high because i control my brain. if i opened my mouth i could still feel the feeling of my clenching my jaw, if i stopped putting my hand over my heart i could still feel my heart pounding. i could stop and continue effects, almost like i was coding my brain to stop and start whatever i wanted to do.      last big high and last time smoking (2 weeks ago): 16% thc prerolls i bought at the liquor store, couldnt even finish the whole joint, got half way before i threw it out. i had to find an activity i could do because if i kept to myself i felt like i would get lost in my mind and eventually die. it felt like i was connecting all the dots to life, i had to snap myself out of thinking too much because it made me want to fallasleep and at the time falling asleep = death. i had to keep my mind away of thinking about my high, if i thought about it my heart felt like it would speed up, like a wheel and it would get faster and faster and then eventually it felt like someone was whipping my consicous, i'd think about something and then i'd hear the crack of a whip and the thought would be gone. i felt like my sober self was fighting my high self to see who could keep conscious and it was exhausting. i had to keep throwing out thoughts because i'd spiral farther down and couldnt stop myself. i tried watching brooklyn 99 but i kep imagining my life as a movie, and what would someones reaction would be to what i was doing right now, then i'd imagine my reaction to me thinking about my life as a movie and the cycle would continue. i tried taking a shower but it felt too good and relaxing, it felt like my legs were telling my brain that they were done standing and going to give out soon. overall it was like each part of my body was its own body and they all were trying to communicate at the same time. then i decided to play fortnite and lol, first couple of games were rough but then i decided that if i control my brain i'll force myself to get into the perfect state of mind to play, so i did. just thinking about the right state of mind allowed me to get in it, and i played the best i've ever played in my life.       what are my theories? i must be triggering some receptor or something in my brain that causes a episode. but i also think that while i'm high i control more of my brain because the thc receptors in my brain is filled up rather than being empty normally (if thats how it works). i generally believe that i can overdose on marijuana, and i want to get my brain checked out while i'm high, i'm fine with being the first person to od on marijuana if it furthers the research.       so what do ya'll think? i'm up for any questions.


not even close


usually i'd be mad about spoilers but after last night i really don't give a fuck


it's called "burden of proof"      if you claim it, then yes, it is your role.


bet you'll bitch about no medicare whenever you turn 70 tho. what's that like two years from now?


i'm also a chubby guy who is socially awkward and afraid to talk to girls.       i went on my first date at 19 i liked her all through high school. it just took me all those years to build up the courage to ask her out.       second date at 21 (different girl)       had my first relationship at 22 (long distance)(different girl)       second relationship at 24. (long distance again)       first kiss at 25.      currently engaged in my second relationship. i'm 26 now.       there are guys who go on dates every weekend and that works for them, but that doesn't mean it's the only way. you can find something else that works for you.       don't let society place time limits where they don't exist. be persistent, but patient.  


i've been playing video games for 30 years and i don't think i can speak this intelligently about any video game at all.


just broke into horis offices and stole his notes, here's how it plays out. he drinks his women respecting juice, saves everyone and then lowers himself into a vat of molten metal while giving the thumbs up, terminator style.


i can't tell whether is short sightedness, blatant pandering, or an actual informed desire to make the crab bucket even worse. likely a bit of all three, actually.


off topic, reading this made me realize that in his youth, headmaster dumbledore was possibly a master of head.


being a gossip-loving petty bitch with delusions of grandeur does not make me a bad person!


jim bob likes to add bbq sauce. go on, try it.


depression memes from places like /r/2meirl4meirl are largely bullshit and don't represent how actual depression feels like


we first got the internet in our house in 1998; i was 12. the first website i visited was theforce.net; the second was a porn site. i'd already discovered masturbation a year prior but unfettered web access blew the doors off the whole fucking thing. as a shy and introverted kid, who'd been relentlessly teased by girls in middle school and junior high and had learned to fear them, and who was now going to an all boys high school, it was a godsend for my raging, gooey hormones. i didn't have to worry about girls anymore! everything i knew about naked girls in my teenage years, i learned from the internet. it felt like the perfect — and safe — release valve. it was also a prime enabler of avoidance of girls, and of never needing to confront the reality that not all girls were going to make fun of me. my grades never suffered, and i did have friends, but i was pretty well in the internet porn bubble by 15.      around then, my porn tastes had expanded from merely jacking to pictures of naked women and low quality video clips to reading erotica. lots of it. literotica was a wonderland for me. i also got to indulge my curiosity in gay porn, and i found the sheer novelty of it to be breathtakingly exciting. i mixed it in with all the opposite-sex porn i was consuming i began a long period of questioning my sexuality, even though being surrounded by guys all day, i never felt attracted or infatuated to a single one of them. it never occurred to me at 16 and 17 that i was responding to the novelty and the taboo of watching gay porn, and that it did not align with my own sexual preferences. soon after i graduated from high school, i decided to put it to the test — i found a guy my age who lived nearby, and i actually lost my virginity to him. it did not do a damn thing for me, and i came away confident that i wasn't gay, but the porn consumption continued.       i didn't date at all from 17 to 20. i'd had my first girlfriend during high school and it was very exciting in a physical sense, thereby proving that i was still very much attracted to girls, but that had long since ended and i retreated into my shell of depression/anxiety and enough porn to suffocate a lesser man. high speed internet had come into our home, so now there was more porn, and it was *faster!* now there were streaming sites; xtube was an early favorite of mine. it was so comforting and reliable, and it never made me feel anxious; ashamed, but never anxious.       i starting dating my first real girlfriend when i was 20, and she was the first time i'd ever had sex with a woman, and the first time i'd had sex at all since that one guy i'd experimented with. i enjoyed sex with her but was still pretty anxious and inhibited about not living up to the dudes i'd watched in pornos, both professional and amateur. this led to a lot of performance anxiety, and using masturbation as a self-soothing mechanism, it gave rise to erectile dysfunction as well. erectile dysfunction at 21 years old. can you fucking believe it? it was a source of tension in the relationship, amongst other things — namely my untreated anxiety and depression, which i didn't want to accept and face. my porn consumption bothered her as well. long story short, we lasted two years before the entire relationship deteriorated. this did nothing to improve my self-esteem.      over the next decade, i went on a ton of first dates that went nowhere, and had a handful of one-night stands where i could force myself to perform (at least) adequately. entire days, nights, and weekends would be consumed by porn — streaming videos, pictures, literary erotica, and once i found reddit, a ton of the gonewild-type subs. i'd be masturbating four or five times a day when i was alone. it would leave me feeling drained and utterly revolted by myself. my socialization dropped like a rock as a result of intense anxiety, and the excessive masturbation was being used as an avoidance mechanism to hold the anxiety at bay. it was all a terribly dysfunctional cycle.       a few months ago, the woman of my dreams, whom i'd been dating for over a year, left me for reasons unrelated to my masturbation habits. it broke me, and i'm now finally getting therapy for the anxiety that has held my life in a death grip since adolescence. and now, it's time to leave masturbation behind too. i've masturbated five times in the last twenty-four hours due to obvious anxiety issues and i cannot stand it anymore. i'm feeling disgusted and ashamed of myself for the last time. i'm going to get better, and goddammit i'm going to pursue the type of life and relationships i deserve. this cannot be anymore. my life cannot be crippled by anxiety and its toxic coping mechanisms any longer. no more porn. no more gonewild subs. no nothing. the next time i see a naked woman is gonna be when she's standing right in front of me, however long it takes.       i'm done jerking myself into a coma, just like i'm done hiding from the world. i don't deserve to be treated this way *by my own self*, let alone anybody else. my mission to improve my life has gained a new facet and an extra shot in the arm. telling my story on a public forum such as this is my way of owing it and drawing the dividing line between the past and the future. thanks for reading.      tl;dr: masturbated daily for twenty two years, used it as a crutch to avoid my anxiety, ran my social life into the ground, but fuck both of those things now. i'm in therapy and i'm gonna go out there and get mine.


almost all people make use of science products. teachers use (or should be using) results about how people best take in information to teach better, soldiers are using technologically advanced weaponry.      science is not a set of facts, it's a methodology. medical doctors aren't stem degrees either for the same reason, medical doctors are usually not actually doing any science either. this isn't saying it's any lesser, this is a point about taxonomy, not hierarchy. scientists aren't better than non-scientists, but there is still an ability to tell the difference between the two groups.


ah yes the old 39 warning shots


real face of rahul gandhi intolerance


within the first two days at every job i've ever worked at, i knew where every camera was in my store/shop.  what a dolt.


that's exactly what i mean! focus on *evidence*, not solely eyewitness testimony. i'm sorry, but someone throwing someone in prison solely on victim statements isn't fair.


where is that?


discord and cublovers, it's not loli if it's got fox ears and a tail


anon is unlucky


i think that term just applies to north america when people use it


this is fuckin lit


nah, whites being immune to arrest isn't racist at all......


you talk mad shit for someone in pepe distance


jesus was a socialist amiright guyzzz


thank you. appreciate it


i'm putting that on all my social media profiles.


that's about right.


political science and she does not even know the three branches of government? oh boy.


so april fools removal mods must be lazy right


let's take this website down ! looking someone who can help for ddos attack' !


it's from the tesla subreddit, of course the people there are going to like electric cars. someone made a tesla look like a car from mad max, and someone suggested a stupid, but not serious idea. i don't see the big deal.


guess we're recasting umm... whatever her character's name was for the aquaman sequel.


exactly.


i mean, it's sad that this is probably a tit for tat. it's a little coincidental that these 'restrictive' abortion laws came months after new york made abortions 9 months into a pregnancy legal and celebrated it. then it was followed up with a governor talking about 'post birth' abortion.      i think abortion was at as good a place it could be.  one side tipped the scale & alarmed a bunch of conservative states.


and i stopped posting pics of the babies when people clearly didn't want to see them anymore. i can criticize the duggars and acknowledge that i think the grandduggars are cute, they aren't mutually exclusive.


that's the only way to send them the message.


let's just say that for the sake of argument they're right and it's a choice because he thinks it looks badass. guess what. he fucking earned the right to do it by being an actual badass. theyre looking at it like it's the same as that artisanal beard wax they want but can't afford because they really needed that fourth nintendo switch.


reddit tier


*she was still wearing them*


i get that and i probably should've been more clear in my post. sometimes it's clear someone is just venting or getting some things off their chest. i usually comment more on the ones that ask for advice or where i really relate to the situation they are in.


>flag      like anyone would willingly team up with that shithole


bimonthly reminder


he got asked about it in one of the primary debates and he said something about how he thinks that doing them all at once somehow causes autism, that he knows medicine better than anyone, and that if we just spread it out over time or something everything will be fine.      they then asked ben carson to respond and has was all slow and mopey like "yeah, everything he just said is bullshit".


no that was hillary


not seeing anyone defending the op after the full context.


steve irwin's tv shows probably did more for animals than peta ever did.


he apparently got married last year. how did i miss this?


how do people actually use that word, it's so ridiculous.


and guts+toxic orb puts it on a timer. and it came even use flame orb for only 6% per turn because it's immune.


all forms? they seem to ignore the horrors of a specific one.


cry me a fucking river about it honestly. i wish i could bring my dog everywhere too, but i don't put on a fake jacket and call it emotional support. he's cool to have around, we've all got shit we're dealing with, go out and deal with it.


op slanders a cartoon writer, r/cringetopia mods proceed to remove all comments calling out the misinformation


here's an [archive]([URL]      >jared yates sexton, like too many american boys, including me, was raised in an environment of toxic masculinity, thanks in large part to his father.      enough. there's a stream of whining coming from these cunts that pisses me the fuck off.      where's the acknowledgement of the fact that both the authors of the article and the book he's praising that they were housed, fed, clothed, educated, protected and cared for by those fathers?      where's the acknowledgement of all the things they got from the fathers they are now putting in the pillory of public opinion?      >guys, if you don't agree with this overview assessment, you haven't been paying enough attention to your gender in our society.      or perhaps our author hasn't paid enough attention to his gender outside of his culture bubble where everyone agrees with him.


i have the ps2 one. i should be doing that right now instead of this.


i'm not saying that's what you were implying, but i am saying that's how this post came across. the tone of it was definitely that you expect praise for your kind words. sometimes, folks get inundated with comments and responding to each and every one is overwhelming. so, sometimes it may be too much to ask. especially when you're already feeling down.


the scene in the original novel can't be based on shakespeare since it predates him, but the director invoking shakespeare wouldn't be too unrealistic as his works are fairly popular in china. that being said it's more likely that the scene is just the sort of acting that is common in east asian media of this kind.


this is an 18+ subreddit.


that that that


it wouldn't surprise me.


yes.


>but after that i kinda sorta checked out on everything else      there was only around 20 chapters left in the whole series after that, though, if that.


good


if you say that you're a slight closet elitist you're not slight. you're also an elitist, and not closeted either


they wren't a bunch oft winks. what kind of protesters get things done? hardly pacifistic ones.


> nicki minaj when the studio lets her do her thing      fine


shitty logic and a checkmark next to the name.      yep, twitter logic


the cult of diversity^^tm will call for democrats' blood if she's removed. after all, her being an anti-semite is all just a coordinated smear campaign. /s


hello, lethaldamage, this post has been found to be in violation of rule 7:      > post commentary that is significantly upvoted, gilded, or otherwise notable.      you have submitted content that is not sufficiently upvoted and therefore this post will be removed.


ooh, this didn't age well


exactly! and then i get to deal with alabama sister fuckers going on about straight pride for a month, i just hate the whole thing. i get the point, but the point has been hijacked long ago and to my eyes all it is now is a way to peddle cheap merch to people who think they are doing something by buying something with a rainbow on and it parading around in the street in shit that would get you an indecency charge any other day. the least emotion i feel when i see that is pride. it's mostly contempt as i am now in agreement with people that i feel should go facefuck a woodchipper and that is super fucking annoying.


don't let the **men** in your life refer to other humans **only as their assigned sex designation**      is "male" not an "assigned sex designation" and thus "oppressive language?"


fox news absolutely shit on trump every chance they had.  no one was pro trump during the primaries.


you're overanalzying it..


[full reaction and responses]([URL]


in addition to what the other guy said about tiering, i don't keep up with vgc but it seems to vary between "super static landorus meta" to "raichu run alongside ubers".


> would you rather have misinformation or no information?      who decides whats misinformation?  oh the mods right.  they know all and don't need a website where can people can discuss things.


lol they aren't even being whitewashed. they're still black .


why jordan peterson? he has no expertise in this area and it is not his profession.       oh? it's people falling for a self help guru, thinking saying one good sounding vague thing means everything he says is 100% true cold hard facts to destroy libs with?


yeah, there's a definite agenda with the blogger. i sat there and read his entire write-up, and admittedly i haven't gone and looked for those threads, but i definitely got the impression that his intentions weren't scientific, rather inflammatory.


dude life is ruined by assholes. not just gaming


did you just assume his race?


jay lenos garage is such a fun show.


everyone is special doesn't mean no one is, it means everyone is unique and had the potential to add some unique good to the world.      there are truly bad people but they are few and far between, we need to give each other the benefit of the doubt more...


let's end the hypocrisy!


40 million could have bought essential medical treatment for every juvenile in the ice detention centers or a water filtration system for flint mi.


source: [URL]


there is no intelligent life to be foumd


analysis on doctored document on rafale deal.how the hindu was spreading propaganda


ahem. latias and latios, the *eon* pokémon.


are you seriously expecting that old sack of shit to pay up? i'm not. and i'm not wasting money on something i'll only use to browse porn sites and shitty articles linked in /r/drama


???


i think they're one of those tumblr ~~funnymen~~ funnypeople who act sardonic to hide how much they care and/or give them plausible deniability when they get called on their crap. they blocked me because i politely disagreed with what i thought was half-joking post about star wars. maybe because i called myself a nerd.      i got blocked by biggest-gaudiest-patronuses [shortly after i posted them on this sub]([URL] that, or i'm on some kind of blocklist. i've noticed a lot of people seem to have blocked me even though we never interacted.      unless they're the type of people who see posts full of people who disagree with them, and then go along blocking people pre-emptively, just out of cowardice.


i actually liked that show, and i'm in my 20s.


>facts are hate      maximum brainlet


it's been a subject of internal criticism from s.j. lately. [big long video.]([URL] tl;dw: *hey, you ever notice how we keep hate-mobbing media that tries to cater to us but we don't say shit when they don't even try?*


people fail to realise that a lot of times colours look different on different screens. i've had plenty of times where i was drawing something on my cintiq and when i uploaded the colours were different on my actual monitor or phone than they were on my cintiq.


me and my friends playing town of salem, one of them was fire


i have the exact same problem. you're not alone, bud


those aren't even humans


hey fucking warn people you're gonna spoil it hit damn


lmao the kids are turkish but the article is calling them bulgarian.


lmao this might be my favorite reddit canard, by outside of america, you mean a select few countries in western europe and even then its dubious


> constitution needs no saving or it wants to stop bjp from destroying its ecosystem


it's a shame that he burned down a 111 year old church for a hate crime hoax


why haven't i heard of this one before? or half of these?    hmm... it's almost as if context can be created through selective coverage.


banned from r/fuckthealtright for being apart of a sub that brigades, muted for asking for a further reasoning


nurses are mechanics rather than engineers. someone else did the work, they just follow instructions.       complicated instructions for a very delicate machine, but still.


big if true


considering about half of conservatives today started out as liberals at a young age, how does his work?       did they just go from being intelligent to stupid out of nowhere? they went from virtuous kind people to pure evil?      the age issue tells a lot and it's the reason why conservatives better understand liberal policy and beliefs than vice verse (righteous mind - johnathan heidt). most conservatives were already liberals in their younger days so they understand their views, sometimes they even feel sympathy for them. conservatives commonly say in regards to the left "oh, they'll grow out of it". but liberals rarely know what it's like to be conservative so their views are that they just pure evil or stupid. it also has to be maddening for the liberals who grow up and see all their friends and colleagues slowly become more conservative with age while they refuse and stay steadfast in their beliefs, many times doubling down even harder.


tons of people pile shuffle their deck once to "count their cards". it also simultaneously performs rudimentary mana weaving. in a card game that's heavy-dependent on randomness, any way to tilt the odds in your favor can and will be done. just that no one dares to admit that.


that's why my favorite book is moby dick. no frufu symbolism, just a good simple tale about a man who hates an animal.


wish i could go back in time to before i read this comment.


tfw they say that yet most memes on the internet come from 4chan


does its age make it a difficult read?


first off, op, i am sorry you had to go through that..i cant begin to imagine.      ive noticed a strong trend in a lot of comedic movies, especially when surrounding sex. multiple movies will have a scene where the man is put into a scenario where he doesnt want sex or to be touched, but the woman will persist to the point where it is 100% rape, but the way the scene is set, it makes you believe its comedic. but switch the roles where a woman is not wanting the sexual advances and then the audience gasps and feel disturbed. and its completely the fault of the writers. continuing a trend where its comedic when a man doesnt want it.      thats not to say that there isnt comedic value in a "get me the fuck outta here, this isnt what i signed up for" type of scene. but the manner in which the scenes provoke sex, and then masked with comedy, starts a problem.      im just happy to see that others have noticed this kind of thing in movies.


not any more it doesnt. site is down


just block gallowboob.


haha


render unto caesar is right in the bible sweatie


doesn't tinder themself use an internal rating system?


did colette let remy crawl inside her so he can eat her out?


the one where he is bald with. bad as a beard is the best by far.


sorry, im gonna have to lock the comments cause you all are not being civil, sweeties!   -moderator of more than 1,000 subreddits


im four hrrs late, but well put.


i'll never understand why people hate margaret thatcher, especially british people. if it weren't for her heroism the uk would be a 3rd world country today. for me she's the greatest briton of the 20th century


i think they are trying to ban all memes they don't like


yes i have several questions


tbf you can find similar stuff in all the abrahamic faiths. didn't muhammad call for jihad against the infidels? the ot has the israelites being crusaders too


facebook is not reddit. it's useless to report


how do you do fellow xtians?


>y'all      >y'all      with a healthy dose of gimme dats and persecution complex


yoda is peaking


autogynephile/autogynephilia


no kidding.


i stopped reading this thread after seeing "fookin" twice


we put the „sauer" in „kraut"


no bald people please


same story here. i put my bed legs into these anti-bedbug bowl things, dusted them and all around my bed anywhere i could with cimexa, dead fuckers turned up everywhere, never bothered me again after about a month. still for about a year after i'd wake up in the middle of the night looking for them. thankfully that seems to have stopped now as well


your gender is linked to your mental illness or some offensive shit.


now that you're here, i can actually respond to this bold statement.      do you actually think that most corporations don't provide anything useful?      the ones that actually matter in terms of emissions are mostly resource extractors and industrial companies, and claiming that most of them are useless is just plain ignorant, even for reddit standarts


they're not. they're disgusting, but tiny. that subreddit struggles to get 10 comments per thread.


you really expect people to watch 55 minutes of not so good (humorous) orator and comment/vote?


lol the irony the sensitive reader himself getting cancelled


i mean, even banning all white people from getting arrested is racist. why shouldn't someone who did something illegal not get arrested simply because of the color of his/her skin?


fuck. your. purity. test.


i mad a mistake with the linking and couldn't correct it btw. maybe i'm the only one interested in this stuff, did you see the part where someone says "but some prefer to spout ignorant bullshit"?


i used to believe everything, and i thought i was crazy for thinking otherwise or thinking my mom is crazy, but now my boyfriend believes she's crazy too.       i was adopted and placed outside pretty much immediately after birth, and i'm generally kind of a cold person.       so my mom wants to have our family friend do a soul retrieval on me to get back any part of my soul that went missing when i was put outside. like. what.       she says she can't aait until my sister and i go off to college so she can travel. i mean, good on you, but maybe you shouldn't have had kids in the first place.       i don't know, i used to think maybe i was the bad child and a bad person for questioning whether my mom was right or wrong. but now i've started telling people what happens and asking if i'm crazy or if it's actually something weird. usually they agree that its a bit odd or crazy.


threaten to ban child porn and they'll do whatever you want


now that i think about it, you're right. i hate this shit though, we used to live in a nicer part of town and it was fucking rampant, but recently moved into a more inner city area and i fucking love how chill and relaxed the parents are. it's so much less uptight, and so much easier to socialize without any fear of judgment.


this is the obvious answer


he's a boy genius, he can perform abortions as easy as jacking off


what i meant to say is that the students didn't want to refer to the headmaster as such because of the "racial oppressive undertones"


the u.s. is serving as an object lesson of what might happen to other countries if they ignore the threat of russian backed international fascism +24


10-10 bodyguard rakhne wale and business class me travel karne walo ko dar lag raha hai..!!!!!


what


[URL]


banned without reason


rood you bully enabler


and i don't care about karma because i actually have self esteem and am not a low testosterone beta male who craves validation through social media platforms. i'll always express my opinion and speak my mind , regardless of whether people agree with me or not


i'm not into football but the typical indian *uber* crowd is only into european clubs and most probably most football fans don't even know the captain of indian football team. this guy's name is sunil chetri and from what limited knowledge i have, he is one of the highest goal scorers in the world.


are you aiming for the 2020 libertarian nomination or something?


it's pretty simple really, exclusivity isn't competition and in fact can be observed to hurt it. a lot of is who are very vocal against epic were also very much in favor of steam not being a monopoly before.


dear subhuman filth,


i'm sick of people ignoring rule 7.


these guys are so fucking racist lol      "criminal has racial undertones" ass


if i gave you a box with 1000 skittles and 6 of them would kill you if eaten, would you eat a skittle?


?


sadly, if this is real, i feel like they really would change the name from masters, at least for this field of studh.


creating life is the opposite of murder


they found my poop wall what the fuck am i gonna do


wouldn't that be cultural appropriation?


it happens all the time. it is so annoying. i once uploaded a sketch (!!!) of pharah on my tumblr and people told me to remove it because she isn't white. it was... a ... sketch...


neets are abandoning trump for yang in droves


that's fair


how about that jeffrey epstein!


disgusting


clearly they're just greedy doctors who want to make more money instead of being my slave and giving me free healthcare


hahahaha thank you bhrata


damn, sorry this happened. just know it isn't your fault.


good post.


this is exactly it. why are you being downvoted?


i'm just seeing this now, i absolutely didn't see that lmao. that's amazing.


i think that's because it was written in a style that compresses a lot of information in very little text. the guy who made the podcast said that he often wrote several page long scripts for the podcast only to realize that he only translated a few paragraphs of the original chinese version.


ding dong you are wrong


it is, but i got a laugh out of the commenter lowkey implying that women could set themselves to not need consent. one of those laughs where you need as shower after


periodic reminder that the moderators of /r/help engage in politically biased moderation practices


fuck color theory i guess.


fuck you for leaving my kids


fixed it


good thing if anything.


unfortunately not


people should avoid the nfl anyway because of the excessive refball and ad breaks. if i want to watch a good game of ball i'll watch a college game


seems like they came down on all their enemies at the same time. that's also when i was suspended. funny they got 3 day bans and i'm permanently suspended for calling out the double standard?      as usual jippiee shooting down any criticism of the admins. what's up with the shilling from him on every anti admin post? why even sub here if you're gonna shoot down every critique lol


is this referring to the saints?


>no one gave a fuck about jessica jones being female      eh, the show got *some* flack from the anti-sjw crowd. but no, not because of any of the cast's genitalia.


i picture cricket from iasip. white dude with fucked up teeth and hair, check!


but all the free stuff is the best!      specifically stuff paid for by people i don't like!


ah, i remember the time someone on tumblr told me off for whitewashing a canonically white man who is known in the series to have an orange af trump tan.      definitely my greatest moment on that hell site.


this is depressing


are is different, because it's really an edutainment show. it's supposed to be factual. tds and its ilk are propaganda shows that hide behind humor.


galaxy gang


that's the inner, so i'mma stick around with russ and be a mentor


nothing "hardcore" about believing that.


and afflicted with the t'ism


woman sees rope at the factory where she works and reports it as a hate crime


patriotic on mexico's part, sure.


and yet he's the one repurposing a catchy right meme.


wikis brother


they're right that animals shouldn't be disturbed for entertainment, but he also did so much more than that. and peta is a terrorist organization, they don't even deserve to speak.


very true!


i agree, i support gay people but,      ⭐⭐pride⭐⭐ really seems like shit testing to me. are you tolerant now? well how about now?


yeah, and i heard that the koreans have some damn good barbecue.      (i wouldn't know. shit's expensive and i haven't tried it yet because of that.)


this is obviously in response to the trump travel ban showing how ridiculous it is to say similar things about other races


just make a new poop wall, duh


that guy is *really* committed to that opinion


just wanted to say, if they mean that much to you, you'll always stay, you'll support them through everything and love every moment you have with them as you continue to build a life together regardless of what time you may or may not have because being with them means the world to you.       at least that was me for my ex, she was the one that left btw.


did the clapping get too tiring?


she's a suicidally depressed wiccan of all things.  it literally could not be any sweeter for trolls.      pictures of herself.  pictures of her apartment.  general vicinity of her own apartment (neighborhood name).  a literal love-letter from him to her.           it's a perfect storm.


i think all astronauts helmets should have a vr camera on them to let people have a chance to experience space, future moon/mars landing... together!


lmao i love people stupid enough to think that in this society poor people are somehow the problem! never change!


you do know because i spend 90 seconds typing something out that doesn't mean i'm emotionally distressed about it, right?


but. cao cao's emails!


you've literally said nothing.


dangg they banned a lot of ppl eh


hey this is a decent submission, but the thread you linked doesn't really have the level of drama we usually require for a submission to be sustained. could you add a couple more dramatic threads in the write-up? i will re-approve it once it you have done so. just reply to this comment once you have.


no problem


understanding this email, our operator clearly was doing no wrong, the union statement said.


the italian supreme court said it was okay to discriminate against them because they are in fact all criminals.


reminds me more of the holders from oldschool /x/


extremism btfo, you show 'em, snappy


apologists???      so islam apologists included or only ones that fit your agenda?


in the earliest days, christianity evolved to be more compatible with roman culture.  it was never going to survive without their political power


hottest take to ever exist


the gun issue is not political? where have you been this whole time?    the man planted a bullet to make it seem like the kids at the school are carrying guns in order to further his political agenda and institute more restrictive rules.   how is this not obvious that he has political leanings and was trying to further his agenda though a lie.


pretty fuckin edgy.


you sure about where you paid, right? because there's an r missing in bharatkeveer


he's not a douche for pursuing a relationship with someone who is interested in him.


ahh yes of course


as another chinese guy,       #**we really do have good noodles**


lol wouldn't exaggerating the wound be adding blood or something? or at the very least not covering up the eyesocket at all? whoever wrote this was probably just so mad, because they had to know they were reaching hard.


attacked by lgbt+ members due to statement about "exceptions"


no delusions. bow to your god. me. chris cantelmo.


>false: "period." is not a sentence. it's called grammar: learn it, and people might take you seriously.      dwight shrute with the zinger response.


i have a feeling this lost peta some supporters


if i may, i don't think many people understood how many reports that subreddit generated for the mods.  people clicked that report button like a gerbil on crack.  i had some issues to deal with (legit, actual, natural disaster related shit) and i told the other mods i needed a few days off.  so, i missed the build up.  but, i came back to find a mod queue with almost 100 reports needing attention.  i went through about forty of them and noted they were all leg humping related and user-on-user drama...so, i quickly typed up that post telling people how they could be their own superhero and mute people that pissed them off.     in my opinion and experience, we were pretty hands off and used to only get involved if the report was blatantly in violation of the rules.  because, frankly, the rules were pretty subjective.  personally, i only ever removed six comments in my tenure as mod.  most of the time, i just wrote a quick note to the person who was reported and the reporter to say "hey, guys...as a reminder, please...fill in the blank".  that worked for months!  then,  there was this sort of gang mentality that arose and the reports got petty and no one wanted to discuss anything. they just wanted to name and shame and started attacking each other. it was stupid. but, as i said, good luck to anyone modding that forum and i wish them well because it's quite a task.


oppressive systems      lmao


hobbyist digital artist.. translation.. draws shitty sonic mpreg vore.


well, they said the admins are removing posts that do not currently violate rules so they are trying to figure out what is going on and get clarification on rules.


it was always weird how i invariably drew the wrong card for the situation, when i played. hell, i sometimes drew cards that had no place being in the type of deck i'd built.


heh, tell me about it. especially when you even got a successful d dance off of a mega tyranitar only to lose it on mega alakazam.


aron fear relies on sand, but hazards/phazing ruin everything.


i opened the window and a breeze rolled in and i **jizzed, in my [pants]([URL]


if you guys have 1 hour and 20 minutes, josh from kiwi farms has a youtube video on the whole ordeal.      [URL]


>/r/conservative user      you seem upset


plus he's voiced by vizzini. rex is amazing.


lmao this isn't remotely bad, twittercels are so fragile


uh, i'm a guy, i have a plastic razor, i don't think plastic razors are made to oppress women


no, it's fake news


yeah i actually have those posts as screenshots jic the owners want to sue. their rating in google was a 4.2 this morning, even after they started the barrage of fake reviews. it's at [a 3.7]([URL] already. i'm going to wait until it calms down and try to contact either them (the franchise owners) or the ceo (the real ceo, not that dumb ass account and that was made today). i'm in mobile so i haven't archived the posts if someone wants to do that and post links. this dude is bullshit.


you're only allowed to discuss the things you care about if you also discuss the things i care about even if they're totally unrelated! >:t


it explains everything


i've seen every therapist in my city. i'm seeing 4 right now. nothing will make me okay with my mortality.


rent free


i love red letter media but their fan base is worse than rick and morty's.


establishing and maintaing a business is a difficult and arduous task, that requires massive dedication and a large investment of time, money and effort. start-up business owners can't just lay back and do meaningless paperwork while the profits roll in; they have to work their arses off to get their businesses off the ground.      if a business becomes successful, and they can begin to afford to hire someone else to do some of the work, then they have earned the right to own their "means of production". but even the owners of large businesses often still have to work hard to ensure that their business does not collapse. the fact that they are no longer physically labouring is irrelevant; it is a job that requires skill, experience and dedication- and one that most people are unable to fill.      the customer of the business pays money to the business owner to receive the desired product, and the worker receives a certain amount of money to operate the means of production that the business owner has worked to obtain. any profit that the business owner gains is his payment for the work that he has put in.


by allah this is glorious. however i will never agree with a cut in the number of shoe beatings administered.


sounds like a waste of good ingredients. this is why the good french invented courses, my friend.


violent self defense is still violence.


i laughed


plus, the us would arm the 2 million refugees in columbia and brazil. its going to happen and trump is going to fan the flames because he wants to fight socialism. my only hope is that the media makes this about a corrupt president and not about socialism that works very well in europe[13]


this suit could open up all the 'sealed' info and make him open to punitive damages.


r/murderedbywords


no one else that worked for us would ever dare dare oppose us yeah they lost me there lol.


please someone more talented than me do this.


what do you mean he's super left?


you know damn well that everyone who was upset by this was white too....


'keep your children short on pocket money but long on hugs', as somebody else put it.         i'd argue that emotional support and availability is more important than 3 hots and a cot, at least in long term development.         not saying parents have to cater to every whim, but listening to the day's melodrama is part of being a parent.. often it's the only way a child will be able to communicate actual problems.


save us


it will be exciting when you do get to the stage of being able to move out that will be like a new chapter for you it's something to look forward too! if i'm not mistaken there are websites that people advertise their places to rent out rooms designed specifically for college students  not on campuses just random people advertising i've looked into it before for my country, so pretty much you would be sharing a place with other people but you have your own space ofc with people who r in college as well which could be a good thing to look into not just for the moving out aspect but you also could make some friends idk.       i'm glad to hear she did at least try and can see he went way way over the top. maybe try talking with her 1 on 1 so maybe since she has experienced similar feelings in the past she would be more understanding of your perspective and how serious it is and that you do need support.       a few comments said that you need to cut ties the toxicity in your life but at the moment that is more or less impossible and would cause too much grief for you and they are a part of your support network and that's something that is important to have (a support network) and maintain. i think your dad is just confused and doesn't know how to handle just mental health on a whole maybe having a heart to hear with your mum could help her help him to learn more about this kinda stuff so he can help you because i'm sure all he wants is to help you but just doesn't know how to, and maybe he is struggling aswell and just doesn't know it properly sand doesn't currently have the mental capacity needed to take proper care of you. there are so many things that could have attributed to his his actions that have nothing to do with you and could be a case of poorly directed and understood emotions, has he been under any stress or pressure at work?, unexpected bills, a loss of a loved wrong?, problems at home or job security? , or maybe him seeing you at the age you are taking steps into college has him thinking of the past or whatever and that's gotten him down(like him not being where he'd like to be in life idk i'm not a councillor). idk sorry you said like everything was lovely before so i'm trying to think about what could be the underling cause for why he reacted in such a horrible way, i'm sure he regrets what he said and feels bad for it. i hope he does. and i hope he will come around soon and acknowledge what he said and apologises to you. sorry i hope you get what i'm trying to say.      but above all you need to look out for you and trying to protect your mental state is most important so if that means asap moving out work towards what you have to do to achieve that so you can at least get that space to become level headed which in turn will help you be able to feel better. and hopefully fix and build a healthy relationship with your dad if you do decide that it is something you want.          it will be hard, you will have feelings to end it all, you will want to give up and it will feel pointless. but i promise you that it won't be worth it. you will struggle your entire life. everyone does in their own way that's just the sad 'shitty' fact of life. but as life goes on you build experience of dealing with the shit life throws at ya and get better at coping with your thoughts and feelings and someday in the future you will be faced with a problem and then think back and think to yourself "wow if x was a problem 2 years ago that would have been enough to make me tie the rope there and then. but it's a problem now and i'm okay". and that's something you will be happy to acknowledge that you have progressed in yourself and all the suffering we go through conditions us to who we are going to be in the future like for example if in the future you become a parent i have no doubt you will be a amazingly supportive and loving parent because you will understand what it's like to feel certain feelings.      sorry i'm on phone so terrible formatting and what not i truly hope for the best for you op please take care of yourself and i hope you can see what i'm trying to say please let me know if there is something i said that doesn't make sense or worded wrong. if you find yourself needing someone to talk to feel free to msg me i'm happy to talk.      edit: fuck i typed a lot sorry


many of the historical battle youtube channels are being sponsored by total war to make episodes about the three kingdoms period.        [kings & generals]([URL] or [invicta]([URL]


i think in pok there is sharda peeth or something


it's an old joke sub lol.


this is why karma is meaningless on this site. all it means is you posted on subs you agree with a lot. you just have to spam /r/politics/ or /r/politicalhumor/ with "cheeto in chief is the worst am i right?" and all of a sudden you have an assload of karma in about a week tops.


i for some reason think of eminem


remember back in the days of the original sims when the large modding community just made tons of cool and creative items available for free? now you have to pay 5 real-world dollars for a shitty nightstand.


lol


imagine reading a book without descriptions of the characters.      future woke story: protagonist good. antagonist bad. antagonist mean to protagonist. protagonist defeat antagonist. happy.


haha no. but it's funny because it proved my point


not sure, but our chinese overlords are cleansing reddit of everything that could even be remotely offensive.


> free healthcare      easy there, you might get the americans coming in with how free healthcare is somehow more expensive, or how it'd never work in the states.


if you say so, but besides that moment, that particular video was solid wunnit?      i mean, crowder's take was downright incoherent when mapped to the time period he was describing


how do you ask her out


are you telling me shonen in general isn't just bad fanfiction?


i feel like i'm in the twilight zone that the duggers have a following in 2019 and there's a lot of people here that watch and are involved in the subreddits following it.


prove it


what from where?


eh, the north-south divide isn't that strong, in fact there are larger differences between the core provinces and the border provinces, which usually have large populations of ethnic minorities. in fact the founder of the han dynasty is a southerner himself, despite establishing his capital in northern china.


>are redditors really following the teachings of an actual schizophrenic?       ahh srd, the bastion of progressiveness, where  ableist shit like this gets 37 upvotes


i'm in southern california.  yes, it is by comparison very predictable and mild but it's not 75 and sunny 100% of the time so of course people are ready with their "crazy weather" comments.      the weather is not crazy, of course, but what else are we going to talk about on the elevator?


no comments


let's be scientific about our pursuit of who is the best racial/ethnic group to attack in preemptive self-defense. what group of people cause the most violent crime here in the us? i bet the fbi has some information we could use.


the trillions of dollars poured into inner city projects haven't stopped them from being shitholes either


mmiw?


imagine an /r/europe thread where they didn't mention the us


cropped boomer memes are good and probably left


zenab my 72&me dna results:             |greek|40%|   |:-|:-|   |arabi|72%|   |aryan|15%|   |iranina|45%|   |norwegian|58%|   |turkic/ottoman|38%|   |pasthun|20%|   |mongolian|30%|   |punjabi|34%|


ms. [redacted], what you just typed is one of the most insanely idiotic things i have ever read. at no point in your unpunctuated run-on ocular torture were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. everyone in this subreddit is now dumber for having read this. i award you no points, and may god have mercy on your soul.


stop me if i'm asking crazy questions, but why not just buy and play a game you can afford? there are literally hundreds of games coming out every month, and you have dozens of platforms and storefronts to choose from.     


yeah that's why there was a whole other entry devoted to it (posted by somebody else. mine was first though)


momta begum


that's reddit as a whole banning you for a set period of time


well then i guess the latter will be what happens then.


it's even worse for johnny depp: he got beaten up by a woman.


dude also has a post about a year ago about having f to be sent home for not being properly shaved (as per company policy).      all around outstanding employee there fellas.


just for the lols: they left out the i in ruin.      seriously though (which means the above is a fucking joke dammit):      it's just a tshirt, so who cares? other than regressives who will lose their minds over a tshirt, or a hat.


jimmy neutron explains himself


i didn't know that the king of red lions was in romance of the three kingdoms


i guarantee this was written by a white person         why.... would it matter?


why


zoomer hot take.


please stay, we need you here. at least until they get the robots at mcdonald's.


because no matter who is in charge tax dollars are wasted on useless shit, so the party that will take the least amount of your shit to pay for their useless shit is the better one.


dude with the sign is wearing a misfits shirt...c'mon guy.


wtf does eurocentric mean?


that is an unusually hot picture of her tbh


that's great. sounds like you're making the best of it.


this but unironically


are you debra from dexter?


not exactly a hate crime hoax, and nothing about this indicates a political leaning or motive.


pirating is also a much bigger thing in the developing world, where pirated copies are pretty much exclusively what is available.


too depressed to function


> this comment sounds like it was made by a bitter turk. "i don't care that girl i like rejected me for a date. she's an ugly whore anyway."


i think you're already banned, just no message was given.        because that makes sense.


note the context.       i'm replying to a person who believes that      "mra's are a male supremacist movement that try to appropriate menslib to give their reactionary movement legitimacy."


a trivial exercise


while i can't tell exactly how much he's gilded, [his trophy case]([URL] has the gilding ambassador xi (11 in roman numerals) achievement.       that's... that's kind of a lot.


how dare you report someone for shit content


periyar: malayalees are bastard sons of brahmins, parasites, breed like rats and other gems(his rants)


lmao


def wasn't expecting to read 'leghumping' that much though


google translate is not your friend.


it's fucking clear that the entire thing is brighter. their in-game clothes aren't as pastel and light colored as that pic.  holy shit.


media and popular figures using internet slang is retarded, especially when they missuse it


[context]([URL]      whoever downvoted me is a pussy


stop  giving  money  to  chinese  business  owners!!! the only businesses you should spend your money in are white businesses! /s


please tell me this is satire


sure, but people aren't coming out of nowhere when they're upset about it. i'm arguing its an issue of proportional anger rather than the existence of it.


if my dad were alive he'd totally beat up your dad.


better known as "besteon"


this reads like something a wasted sorority chick would write in a yearbook. we can observe the complete absence of any moral framework or intellectual ability in this one sample of writing.      outlines:      1. bangladesh: mysterious person on ki... - [outline]([URL]      2. removeddit - [outline]([URL]      ^(*i am a bot for posting outline.com links.*) [^(*github*)]([URL] ^/ [^(*contact for info or issues*)](/message/compose?to=\/[USER])


its over for woke white women ya twitter.


ik i'll sound stupid but are the facts real? all of them?


ye sperm wala joke to san14 ka hai bhai.


i would eat at chick-fil-a except that their food tastes like shit.


1. don't let anyone's opinions get to you because they don't know you like you know yourself.       2. i used to be like you, i used to get such extreme anxiety at school i would count my steps and avoid talking to others. if i had to i think i would always feel like some sort of chest pain that makes me want to cry and shit. it sucked, everyday of school last year and the beginning of this years school year was terrible. i was very very good at placing myself in last place. when i'd be with a friend group i would be there just to feel comfortable and all that. there's so much more i wish i could explain but someone knows my account smh. anyways, all you need to know is that change starts when you start loving yourself again. throw everything you heard about yourself away and start to think positively about yourself. even if it's just looking at a mirror and thinking "yea i'm good looking" or anything that's up bringing do that, it may feel super weird and so promise it's gonna b me weird for a while cuz it still is for me and all that but it does change. i'm a completely different person from what i was around 4 months ago. i have confidence now and it's amazing. i can walk up to people and actually talk. every change starts with yourself. it may be cringe in the beginning to compliment yourself but doing this is something amazing that everyone feeling low should acquire. i hope the best for you because it is not easy to do this and it does take some gut but i know that you, random stranger on the web can definitely do this because it is possible. goodluck


jesus christ, and i thought the mosque shooting was the most vile thing i've ever seen.


don't you know true vegans get scurvy in 2019 because all they eat is enriched white flour pasta?


hey siri... define dichotomous thinking....


i hope you do too


wait. awkwardtheturtle is a guy??


when i check in on it, i don't even check in on the threads discussing people, i look for ones with the users infighting lol. you might know this but there was a complete mess where one mod edited "jesus christ" (used like as in jesus fucking christ) out of somebody's post on some thread and it lead to a meltdown. the mod started posting about how this was a christian website, compared it to using racial slurs, and so on! the people got super divided, some threatened to leave, it was a whole mess.


can confirm, double edge safety razors are the best. closest shave i've ever had, and the soap smells great.


yes, he did hold his son while feeding a croc, but he also did dangle bob in front of a croc


if you don't mean "all men" then don't say "all men" smh


i have a question " is it lonely on that soapbox?


products and services. don't see the problem with using his shitty reddit status to push against netting though.


(still regarding us withdrawal from the inf)''because vlad the shirtless told him to.''(+30)


it's the same way with the new body positivity movement. it's not cool to call someone fat but you can call them anorexic and say "eat a cheeseburger" totally unfair double standards. the world will be better off when people learn to just cut the absurd double standards and live and let live.


it's just like malt nazi germany


> you are entitled to your opinion. just know it's wrong.       lol, why even try "debating" on reddit?


it only appears contradictory if you aren't familiar with the term white savior.


foreign minister side steps issues of non elected government in qatar tries to push focus to arab nations instead - the foreign code


neo cortex's n forehead


i've been there. don't let it get to you to much. at one point i felt that every single aspect of my life was at rock bottom. then i reacted in a way i regretted instantly and it took me years to recover. just keep your head up and try to always move forward.


actually in the law (i'm gonna make this basic so that everyone can understand) you have to buy the phone from the person who bought it from somewhere and find the guy who stole your phone and take the money from him. that's how law works


according to articles, this was part of her "20 minutes lunch break" which occurred while she was being moved to her next assignment.       so she can't eat on the train, but her entire lunch break occurs in transit. what the fuck is she supposed to do?


i think she has the right idea. delete the account for a minute and the mob moves on


some years ago laci greene made a video all about how important it is to trust the victim.      i'm still waiting for the many thousands of people who were brave enough to admit, in the comments, that laci greene had raped them to receive the attention and support they deserve.      the **reality** is that **everyone** who goes into toxic-overdrive (and it is toxic)  when accusations are leveled only do so because it panders to their biases.      now that smollett has been charged i can say that there was nothing **remotely** credible about his claims. it was possible that what he said had happened, but extremely unlikely.      anyone who immediately believed him was, at best, a credulous fool. and at worst they were bigoted pieces of shit who just loved the opportunity to spread more hate.


basically any under 250k are solid


yeah, that's what he said: racism


haven't replied to me yet.


we must sent an attack group immediately.


what could snappy have meant by this?


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      **[rule 8: any post with misleading or sensationalised titles will be removed]([URL]      > editorializing based on things not present or distorting the subject, even unintentionally, is not allowed. this includes using your title to hurl abuse at the subject.      ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


you can type 10,000 characters and you decided that these were the one's that you wanted.      i am a bot. [contact for questions]([URL]


naruto pt 1 > bnha > naruto pt 2


why is this everywhere, why do these people care about skin color so much?


laudu utensils purchased decades ago will have low risk because milawat was rare. otoh, if you purchase a kansya thali now, tauba tauba aloha


you know because slaves had masters duh


good.  if people in the future conclude we're barbaric, then it bodes well


i know i just thought people would be interested in learning the actual grave consequences of breaking the reddit law


if i tweet people dying is bad will i achieve sainthood


that's why civility is super-duper important when a republican is trying to eat dinner or a nazi is trying to not get punched in the face, but the worst jokes in the world are just fine if they come out of a republican president's mouth, or if they support the oppression of minority groups.


sorry, bot. your text isn't on top of it this time.      better luck in the next thread.


that's true. the sasuke vs naruto fight is also incredible in both the anime and the ultimate ninja storm 4 game. it's just quite a slog getting to the good stuff.


are names not attached to the paper you're grading?


i don't see how it fits the sub, silly idea but doesn't fit here.


thx bro i appreciate your compliment


what can i say? automod is repeatedly violating all of our human rights.


womyn? what the fuck is that?


as a jew in america it's a cultural tradition to have chinese food on christmas for dinner(after going to a movie) how dare they sent my faiths traditions. /s


that's kiwifarms, which you can find by a simple google search since reddit won't allow linking to there.


these people are the reason i went out and bought a maga hat


eh, making change is arguably solving for x.


[URL]


yes, he was in love with one of his models.


haha i'm really bad for just throwing in some super mana expensive color relevant card into a deck that doesn't fit thematically or synergistically, just because i like it and think it's cool


gang reprisals on snitches mean you can shut up and live or snitch, die and add on to the problem with your unsolved murder. not much of a choice.       it also highlights why police time is so precious. when the citizenry can't help, the police's efforts are all the more needed as they work at a disadvantage.


when you are tharki for both chicks and modiji...


as a canadian, i'm ok with this world view since it makes me centre-of-the-universe-adjacent which is like being in the centre of the universe but with free healthcare.


fear: fucking edgy annoying rats


>shackles of patriarchal oppression      over razorblades?       wow!


apparently not, according to this article


congrats! surround yourself with good people and you'll just follow each other! baby steps! i hope i get to see another post someday about how much you have progressed!


this guy again? someone's angling for a ddf bronze star      [URL]


honest answer? career on decline yesteryear 'rapper'. no, let me rephrase that, career non existent in bollywood. probably hired new pr team, which is why her name is showing up on social media.


buy some kim chi and make a bacon and kim chi sandwich. you can thank me later


you know, i actually agree with you. three arrows is *usually* pretty civil, even if he posts some completely inane shit sometimes that doesn't involve responses.      that said, don't claim to be based on the ol' three arrows if you're not anti-communist.


fox did nothing but trash trump in 2016. they wanted jeb or cruz at any cost.


then it broke down


it's not like reddit has ever been especially fond of antiifa


why does he keep saying bhaiya bhaiya all the time


hey, thanks! i appreciate the reply.              my favourite medium is music, so i'm not sure how much that could apply - i've never been one to pay attention to lyrics. other than that i do really tend to enjoy books, and i've been getting a bit more into film, i've been watching quite a few scorsese movies lately. my problem is i tend to take the stories at face value and not pick up on deeper meanings, until i read up about them afterwards.


[[URL]


i love him omg


ｅａｔ　ｓｈｉｔ      outlines:      1. *this post* - [outline]([URL]      ^(*i am a bot for posting outline.com links.*) [^(*github*)]([URL] ^/ [^(*contact for info or issues*)](/message/compose?to=\/[USER])


jesus hated politics...but i'm pretty sure he would be fucking pissed about abortions.  like moneychangers x1000, tables flying everywhere and shit.      so no, he would never be a bernie or aoc bro.


these people are fucking idiots applying today's standards to people from 2000 years ago.  people 200 years from now will think everyone living in 2019 were utter idiots as well, liberals and conservatives.


first question that popped in my mind


wait, so where does that leave employee-owned businesses?


i'm 99% sure you are correct. when ca was up i would see some extra horrible post go up, then 0.2 seconds later it would be posted there. obviously i have no proof but it seems to me that they would just post horrible shit and then link it over on ahs.


not even triggered by this . kya op itta panchat maara isne


none forced this guy to dox himself? no one even attempted get him to. he did it all on his own


they seem to conflate the fact that most rich people are white with the notion that most white people are rich.


how can make


hunting is fun


just chapminds owning themselves.


probably april 2021 or so


...does he eat people?


feeling, sensations that you thought was dead. no squealing remember *that it's all in your head*


i'm pretty sure i'd shit myself to death in a relatively short amount of time.


why dont they make a socio-political series about a totalitarian theocratic islamist state. after all militant sharia compliant states are closer to reality than a hindu-fascist state.      npc meme is strong with this one      taking the whole "hindu saffron bad" to another level


discord and pedos, name a better duo.


i'd ask what pedo sub, but knowing the people who post here, you probably are going to say something like r/anime .


death isn't necessarily horrific though, although non existence is difficult to comprehend.


somewhere there's a post there about "debunking scurvy."


this. if people are in shitty circumstances or having a bad time with their head, 'basic politeness' might be one of the first things to go out the window.


motherfucking upvote for a dunning kruger reference. kudos


i'm chinese by descent and,       #*we have good noodles*


grrrrr theatre man no like meme


fuck, that might be the one i picture lol


op has a cute sister


oh yes! forgot about it.. 2-3 saal mein ek movie aati hai iski, that's why probably trying hard to stay relevant.


>i can't take it anymore.      try growing up.      then get out of your routine of spending all your time in comfortable safe spaces and go and see the world. go to unpleasant places where women are actually being oppressed.       then get a sense of perspective. because you sure as shit don't have one yet, author.


wasn't "turn the other cheek" a phrase coined by someone who was actually part of a militarily occupied culture?


prepare for the immigration to /r/drama. we need to defend the borders


of course every commenter in that thread is subbed to one of these;      1. /r/ftmporn   2. /r/ddlg/   3. /r/wickr_pervs/   4. /r/chastity   5. /r/sissies      and that josh cunt whos obsessed with tickling minors


i'm ecstatic that it went so well. i was one of the only people that didn't use a script and was told that my speech was really good. this is a really big deal because a few years ago i had social anxiety so bad that it got me fired from a fast food restaurant.     


i was born, raised, and still reside in alabama.  if i was as racist as some of the other posters, i too could make myself believe everything was just a big bowl of diversity and happiness.      meanwhile, hard evidence shows that it simply is not true.


>he just knew when to make friends and when to stab them in the back.      if playing risk has taught me anything, it's that the most important aspect of an alliance is when to break it.


today wasn't terrible.  i suppose that would hinge on your definition of terrible.  at any rate, i happened upon an article.  ronda rousey is helping set up a suicide prevention center or something.  something like that.  as i read through the article, i came to learn that her father and grandfather committed suicide.      i appreciate the kind thought and i don't believe you meant to get me going, but you got me going.      how stupid do you think i am?  do you think i don't fucking realize how goddamn horrible suicide is?  do you think that i'm some naive apelike simpleton that needs to be sent to a mental hospital for therapy, medication and other costly 'treatments'?      it's nice to know that you care about other suicidal people, but for me, i don't take too kindly to being told that i don't have the right to commit suicide.  i don't take kindly to platitudes and appeals to my emotions when i am already fully cognizant of the horrors of suicide.      why is it that when i get to be a little too lonely and desperate, the *first* thing you're going to tell me is "get help."?  what do you think this help is going to give me that i haven't already experienced?  it'll give me more goddamn bills and i'll get somebody on the phone asking me if i want to sign up for cognitive behavioral therapy.      i know how to fight this.  the reason that i'm sitting here typing this is all the proof i need.      when i see these anti-suicide things, i just feel so irked.  the only time you give a fuck about me is when i'm in a suicidal mindset.  beside that, i'm just a blank face.  a mere statistic.      believe me.  seriously.  believe me.  i'm not yanking your chain.  i know how bad suicide is.  you don't need to remind me of that.      i can't stop you from trying to prevent suicide, but i can state my opinion and so, i have.     


reeeeeeeee white people


stop it don't give me hope


fuck it, just throw it back at them.      real nazism has never been tried.


they've been calling libertarians fascists for years now.


i guess this is deviants in action


prosecutor who dropped smollett charges was given $400k by george soros


sad that it took you so long to work it out but it's because they're fucking idiots


based


i didn't realize everyone was always in competition whit one another all the time. why does it matter which is "harder"? they have different requirements for admission. what's the point in comparing them?


when i was pregnant my mom would beg me not to name my kid anything that rhymes with aiden.


i practice medicine, not science. nursing is about objective critical thinking on the spot, using accurate and compassionate medical terminology in charting/report and with patients, patient care and so on. look up the nclex and other graduation tests. [the real focus of nursing]([URL]


can confirm, i got permabanned from r/help for explaining to confused users how censorship works on this site.      note that r/help has an admin as a mod, [USER] indicating approval of this practice.


still killing white people


/r/tinder in a nutshell:      woman: height?      man: weight?      woman:       commenters: epic comeback bro fuck these shallow whores haha u can change weight but not height!!!      or some dumbass/niche joke that only a fellow mouth breathing redditor would get:      man: hey wanna be the thanos to my ant-man and let me cum in ur ass?      woman: um what?      commenters: she's not worth ur time anyway king      or the rarest, a normal person:      man: hey thought you looked pretty.       woman: same      [normal, slightly flirty convo]      man: so do u wanna meet up sometime?      woman: yes      commenters: what's ur secret bro i bet ur really attractive huh? rules 1 and 2 i guess


see i think you're just taking pleasure in fatalism or self pity. shakespeare, though a wonderful literary artist, was more than a bit of a fatalist or nihilist himself. (yet he still managed not to consistently advocate genocide.)      i think you're making your points just to hear yourself talk. they're not particularly sensical. you don't care much for criticism or understanding or addressing contrary points, it's just a one-man show. a party for yourself.      if you take comfort in that, that's fine. but advocating suicide or genocide for others is not fine. if that's all you have to add and if you're not willing to accept or understand views of others, then you should just keep it to yourself.       death itself is not evil, life itself is not evil, death is just a part or conclusion to life. however you can make peace with that, i hope you do. because whatever this thing you have going on is, it's quite negative and quite counterproductive.


wtf is this person talking about i can't wait to see jolyne on screen


/r/subredditdrama (known brigaders) tries to tease /r/chaptraphouse (heavy brigaders), gets their shit pushed in, locks the thread. might wanna stick to the minor leagues, srd!


steam user data


i posted this in /r/anarchism so no, ideally none of it.


i didn't *say* you did, i said it is not your friend. >:(


discord


hahaha


i wonder if that person who wrote this will come tear down chinese people appropriating japanese cuisine and opening japanese restaurants all over paris without a single japanese person in them.


i dont think johnny wants his lady so elon can have her


but... they're not pale


emphasis on the no


just let her know you aren't into her and be honest?       worse thing that happens is she gets pissed off at you.


that's not exactly an enlightened pair of options.


kiwifarms is the best website on the internet.


check out one called gender critical too if you have seen it it's one of her better ones on a similar topic


it's just people trying not to overindulge into really tempting food in front of them.


there is a german restaurant by my house that claims to serve authentic german food (take that with a grain of salt, i'm in america). i suppose only  white people are allowed to eat there, although that would be racist, so maybe people who aren't white should be given their own seperate areas? perhaps even their own soda fountains and bathrooms as well. we can make cute little signs so that everyone knows what area belongs to who. unfortunately, the restaurant is quite small, so the non whites will have to eat in the back.


i dont rate udon personally. between the frustration of trying to get them, to stay in my fucking chopsticks and the fact that they're big enough to be kinda awkward to slurp i put them very low on the nood list. good texture though.


thats bullshit.       voat, notabug and a ew others are similar.


why is this relevant here?


and my parents were planning on buying their house they currently rent. their income bracket lost the home owning incentives.      statistic don't mean shit without context.


but now much support is being made by outside organizations in support of not violence anti occupation groups      he died a martyr without even trying


and is shittier to the consumer. would you buy a game on a platform that you have to navigate a swamp of alligators just because it gave all money to the developer?      that's not the only factor here, and any argument acting like it is is blsntan strawman.


that real?


you're gonna bust even more ass probably.  but maybe if you get some buddies to collab and start a business it'll be better off.


40% where i'm standing.


[URL]


\>boycotting a hardware/diy store      i'd love to see an r/politics user handle a power tool.


start discussing politics with them


well there is an idea to modify the unemployment numbers.


being connected to a a platform all the time is dangerous      *leaves computer connected to the internet, leaves steam connecting to the internet, leaves computer on all night to download games*


no they want to leave and go some place whiter like canada or norway.


the hoax industry


shikamaru was the highlight for me.


we need a hoax sub just for receipts


5 seconds isn't enough tho


or freeze clothing so the eggs die off


fuck her  what? was she supposed to force her husband not to donate to notre dame? also..just googling salma hayek's name, she's donated to multiple charities. charities for children, charities that raise awareness about violence against women, and for immigrants.      according to wiki, francois created the kering foundation to defend and promote women's rights. this was back in 2008 that he created this. in 2015 he apparently launched the women in motion program to raise gender issues in the film industry.      so....him wanting to donate money to something else he feels deeply about is wrong and erases all of the other good he's done?


i need everyone to know how much technical mastery i have of this game, i watched like one elobandit video and now i'm better than literally everyone ever


if it's who i think it is then reddit admins spend a lot of time stroking his ego anyway. since he does bring in money the admins won't touch him.


i no rite?


what's wrong with everybody being happy, i fucking hate it


what sort of person looks at a movie called "alita: battle angel" where alita battles people a lot based on a comic where where alita battles people a lot and [promoted as]([URL] "[alita battles people a lot]([URL] and thinks people only like it because of alita's innocent naivete?      i'm pretty sure wongbal didn't actually check why the "neckbeards" liked the movie. because the romance subplot is widely considered the **weakest** part of the film.      spoilers follow      i also like how alita "has to be taught how to do everything". "everything" apparently doesn't include **battling**. which is, again, *what people are seeing the movie for*. the reason she doesn't know about civilian life is, implicitly, she's never *been* a civilian.


just got laid off.


i felt like that too, but my friend always tell me: "i found my soulmate, and now i feel trapped."


here's a sneak peek of /r/topmindsofreddit using the [top posts]([URL] of the year!      \1: [top minds of the_donald on free speech]([URL] | [2455 comments]([URL]     \2: [top minds don't understand taxes]([URL] | [3841 comments]([URL]     \3: [r/greatawakening has been banned]([URL] | [5902 comments]([URL]      ----   ^^i'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^contact ^^me]([URL] ^^| [^^info]([URL] ^^| [^^opt-out]([URL]


banned from one subreddit for pointing out fatlogic then banned from fatlogic for doing the same


dems prepare congressional hearings over trump saying 'fake news' -- i wonder if they will throw in hate crime hoax's???


>brazil      >leading anything other than murder rates and corruption


yeah, my brain isn't working properly.


forniphiliacs rejoice at their new ottoman daddy.


there is plenty of free cc for all sims games knocking about! some of it is beautifully created. i hate playing without it


cdc own numbers have it at.0.026%,      [URL]      which is the highest rate in the developed world      source:    [deadly delivery : the maternal health care crisis in the usa. amnesty international. london,       and increasing:      [URL]      this is not good by any standard.


completely unrelated and i'm going to be a dick but it's my opinion and i need to share it. about the op (who's in the right about the phone obviously), but i'm not surprised someone who is dumb enough to put their actual face as their reddit profile pic also thinks [they're a psychic.]([URL]


i like how you miss the point. a black conservative isn't a token by default. t hats stupid. i would probably say that ben carson or clarence thomas aren't token black conservatives because they don't make it their number one thing.       wow. you just lost the bet. it's like how blair white isn't a token trans conservative. she is just a conservative who happens to be trans. there is a difference. if i go around flaunting myself as a gay conservative as like this amazing thing that i'm gay, and a conservative, that's me being a token. like she is being.


yeah we should do better by taking those foil blankets away


hol up


he wasn't deemed innocent


shareblue apparently has a big stake in reddit which is why the double standard is so flagrant


but the question remains, how do you noclip? seriously i've been trying but this stupid game won't let me access the no clip glitch


slightly disingenuous title maybe? the mods suddenly announced to no loinger comply with the admin guidelines by allowing the nz video, while already on thin ice as quarantined subreddit.


it happened to me i got a 48 hour ban for arguing with a mod over pm


yeah u right i dont usually keep the pelt tho i just fry that fucker up yum


prepare for the best hitman you'll ever see, we got a self-doxxer over here! >!/s!<


i don't enjoy life at all. none of the usual comforts- sex, drugs, rock and roll - helped me. i'm just waiting around to die. people who say that life is good ignore all the pain and suffering it involves.       and yes, food is another metaphor for decay, as seen in old memento mori paintings.


edgy.


i'm not familiar with that term. it sounds straightforward but maybe it's not... it sounds okay if it's not a misleading term for something completely different from going to the doctor and getting a bill for it.


there's a difference between a sociopath who would actually be locked up in such a place, and the garden variety self-diagnosed depressives these people are who think they would be in one.


i thought in general people liked jolyne but not so much stone ocean...?


mgtowers?


still there.


just a teenager whose most important responsibilities include cutting the grass and taking out the trash trying to find an identity.      this kind of edgy horse shit is timeless.


maybe you can use some of those putin shillbux to pay for a vpn?


it's unbelievable how many people have fallen for this concentration camp narrative nonsense.      just recently, someone i know (online) who's usually pretty articulated and sensible about his positions just flat out posted an image of the detention centers and concentration camps right next to each other, first with pence, the second with nazi high command, and was like "nazi high command inspecting the camps."      least to say, i busted out the "this is just like the holocaust" parody image where the auschwitz guard is telling jews to stay out (i'm sure you've seen it by now).      ...again in the same thread, actually, lol...


my dada had brown hair as a kid.also unkil aren't hindu-sikh migrants from pakhtunwa just khatris who migrated there for business under the sikh misls?do you identify as punjabi khatri?


the guy who doxxed himself also had iron as the first word in their username


meltdown?


canada.


metallica sucks megadeth's thrash metal arse


are you inciting violence? that's a 72 hour mute and possibly even a ban sweaty.       /s for anyone who thinks i'm serious


[URL]


fresh pasta right here.


it is effectively lobotomizing then without lobotomization.


after looking at the pak flag, oic ne dil se bola pkmkb.


this thread was a fucking goldmine. op frames this scenario like their malicious evil neighbor had it out for them, but it turns out op's just a shitty dog owner who was exercising their dog in the condo hallways instead of taking them for real walks.


i thought that was registeel.


i kinda want a straight razor, but i am fucking scared of not knowing wtf i'm doing and slicing my face up


after almost two years of being in an on/off relationship with my alcoholic, abusive ex, i've recently met someone, and we just became official a few days ago! he's made me happier in one month than my ex did in two years, and he's shown me what a healthy, loving relationship is like. after seeing me tonight, he texted me saying that he is settling into this relationship more and that it's really nice. i am so grateful for this wonderful wonderful boy


this is satire


i did misunderstand. my mom has run into her own bouts of frustration that often turns into anger that i cannot break. i can only offer my sympathies from one sick girl or another.


that info likely gets recorded when possible. my birth father denied paternity so no material was passed on to the children's aid society.


that's some next level sad shit. i love reddit but lying about your life for points is despicable.


i'll never forget the fact that a presidential candidate that "had it in the bag" went to war against a fucking cartoon frog on her official campaign website and even in speeches, and *lost* to said cartoon frog... fucking hilarious.


pretty sure thats bisexuality


well they think they can get away with it and they are right for the most part, especially in the east, because their electorate (mainly rurals and elders) cares only about two things: keeping brown migrants out and having their welfare benefits perpetually raised, their electorate also understands growing up during socialism that corruption, stifling of opportunities for young people and a bit of authoritarianism is a necessary part of it


i don't boycott nestle and dole for murdering scores of people, how am i gonna boycott a store for setting some of its money on fire?


the roma are fascinating because they're nomadic nature makes them naturally antagonistic to most other societies.


cao cao best warlord.


could you further evaluate on this?


and so are you! thanks for sharing!


well now you see it did a video on horror movies and how they reflect what society is mostly afraid. zombie movies in relation to muslim terrorists. this would just be about anxiety


well almost everyone from those times sucked. i recently went over roman history once more and it was pretty spectacular how much insanity was just glanced over in my school years. like how generals like caesar basically started wars for personal profit and downright genocided major areas. i can't find the exact numbers anymore but i believe the historians' estimates were that around 40% of gauls may have died  in the gallic wars, with entire tribes marked for annihiliation.      the used to be celebrated for introducing culture and democracy into my country, and while teaching did include that things got bloody, it's pretty jarring to see just how much.


it's not terrifying, it's hot as fuck to think about. just sexualise your fears. makes dealing with them a lot easier.


i had to burn cloths and sell furnitures.    then they all disappeared.


expected that to be banned and it is. they were really quick banning that.


go check out my channel [USER] has great content.....thank you


obama was classy on the surface and look what he did. trump has his pomposity but on the gettin'-shit-done meter he gets a 9/10. and he can also have class when it counts.


you'll read fookin' nootin'!      *laughs in mcgregor*


lol disagree highly humans have way more value than their "biological purpose" always have always will


no hes just pointing out that that's part of the role-play, someone acting "little". then again it could be a dog whistle, i wouldn't know i'm not a dog. it's all fucked either way


>the reason being given, that a screenshot is from a banned account are lies      if he evaded more than once, that is common. i don't have evidence against some people. it gets boring as fuck.      i feel for the mods, i really do. trying to reinforce the rules can be quite a chore. you have to deal with tons of abuse      >(no 5) [URL]      this looks like totally off-topic for the irish subreddit. many national subreddits have a list of domains that are banned. it seems there's more reasons for his ban though.      >why are you not allowed to publicly question bad mod behaviour? isn't it just to silence any criticism of bad behaviour and keep us divided and conquered?      truth be told, most of the criticism is boring af. 90% of the time it's about politics.      >when you see another mod bullying users, why do you not stand against it? (also point 4)      i dislike the way moderators answer people over r/ireland. it's like the rules of their subreddit don't apply to them. they should get their communication with users sorted out to avoid losing trust.


didn't use google translate.      그냥 나는 5살처럼 한국말 해요. 잘못 해\~


amazing how the chicago media seems to actually have the skills to conduct journalism, unlike the national media.


they have been harassing me for many months too, but i don't think it was them. i am almost certain it was [high karma user] since i had a thread pertaining to the messages *he* was sending me deleted by the reddit anti-evil operations team when i got suspended.      /[USER] and /[USER] might want to see this too.


somewhere in europe maybe?


do you actually know anything about the alt right, or is it just your moniker for anyone to the right of mao?


this is great, thanks


i'll laugh when she does


i recomend [this video]([URL] they're both mary sue's no doubt, but one is likeable and on us obnoxious


bisque


when you're not adult enough to understand that people can hold different political beliefs from you without being a disagreeable human being.


i really feel for you, and i don't have the experience or wisdom to give you advice on much of anything in your situation.      but what i can say is that you sound like my dad. you sound so angry, and rightfully so, but... how long are you going to let that anger affect you? how long will she affect your life? your relationship with your children?      i hope that someday you are able to forgive her. and not because she deserves an apology (you deserve an apology), and not for her sake, but because i hope someday you can accept life as it is, and get back to living. don't let your anger towards her ruin your life, and your life with your children. this is coming from someone who doesn't talk to her dad, because he failed to let it go and prioritize what was really important.


ofcourse, history supports that.


weird because if you watch hell's kitchen any time they do a contest that involves cooking asian styles food the judges are always globally recognized asian cooks and promotes the shit out of them and they're restaurants


nope, the next movie endgame pt 2 is going to have future thanos go back in time to tell brie larson she would be prettier if she smiled more.


>perversion of fundamental norms of familial relationships      that's kinda what the whole crux of this is. norms. no norms are fundamental or universal, familial or otherwise.      >it is a huge indicator of a seriously troubled situation/people      so it's a symptom.      >which isn't to say it's always "morally wrong" to *do* so much as it is an outcome of a morally wrong/unhealthy situation      that's kinda what we've been discussing in this thread, morality doesn't exist in a vacuum. i would argue that societal norms are a valid benchmark for morality, though others disagree.      >people engaging in non-abusive incesr should be treated more with empathy than demonization.      fully agree. in fact i'm all for treating those in abusive incestual (or non-incestual) relationships with empathy before demonization.


steel.


genuinely curious: what's hateful about this post?


it went away without me ):


bold of you to assume i have something to live for


romance of the three kingdoms is not obscure. it's one of the most popular works of historical fiction in world history. saying it is obscure is like saying shakespeare's julius ceasar or henry v are obscure. except rottk is both older and probably more popular (being from a more populace area and originally in a more commonly spoken language).


or abolish democracy entirely tbh


was just about to share that quote.


the bottom comment is saying that the original post is calling pikachu a nazi, much like op's title here.      original post never actually mentions nazis, just incels and the alt-right (and how the alt-right recruits incels).


cm was the nick fury origin story we didn't know we needed. and there was some flying chick in it.


was that underage user banned?


they forgot people who think more than two genders exist


can i spread strawberry jam instead?


they blame whitey for everything already, not too hard to just pop this on the docket.


i think you wanted to say "by descent"? you're not a race


> implying reeee'ing isn't normified


i'm tired of reddit's gamers being incapable of taking criticism.


for the record, not all atheists are douchebags. seems like you found one. he may well have plenty to sort, but facts are what's left at the end of the day.      also, i understand that because of your upbringing having someone "take your virginity" can be a big deal, but know that just because you had sex with someone it doesn't make you less worthy. the emotional turmoil is strong, i'm well aware, but not being a virgin anymore doesn't make you a slut or whatever.      to me the emotional side of the story far, far outweighs the physiological slight change. a hymen maketh not the good woman.      rape victims aren't debauched people. you've been abused, deceived, to me you're in a situation closer to having been raped than just dumped. do not let this experience define you.      i suggest you read about the psychology of the raped person, you *weren't* raped but i think you may find info not completely irrelevant to what you're going through atm.       you take care girl, you'll be fine. keep on going in your philosophical path, to me it's fine if you remain a believer as long as that doesn't make you hurt others or yourself. but don't go around thinking you owe your family or a future bf / husband to remain a christian, a virgin etc. you do you.       peace prevails.


start a thread, sticky it, and lock it with zero original comments because y'all can't behave


... sounds like their resentment is completely justified


[URL]


> tfw no hell-spawn gf


it's like that part in good will hunting where ben affleck tries to sound smart


either social media is the infection and the battle's ongoing, or chans are the infection the internet succumbed a long time ago


why have a base 1000 them?!?! just take 1000 from everyone


>to save a click: man who approached was **hit once**, taken to surgery but survived. no other bystanders hit. alleged shooter in custody. seems to be part of ongoing gang violence, related to 2 other shootings in town.      what a fucking stormtrooper.


russia and eastern/central european countries more likely, they're already resisting it.   not that its gonna happen either way.


exactly, that justifies so many horrible things. like should israel just nuke iran because they are working on nukes? should the us have nuked the soviets to end the cold war? hell, let's invade central america to install anti-immigration regimes.


i guess i can see it that way. honestly, i don't have much frame of reference, as i don't have a facebook and i really only sub to 4-5 fairly specific areas besides srd, but i can get where the idea comes from. it's just a little weird to me to see people getting that worked up about it.


> upper class      that is how it used to be, it's being pushed into the main stream by these figures akin to a new weimar republic. a lot of these journos and community leaders have a strange interest into pushing sexuality everywhere. just look at that digusting shit with desmond dancing in a stripping club after being featured on prime time tv and ny billboards while his father is tagging his photos love is love on instagram.


this is the equivalent of a chain letter sent by 50 year olds. no.


we specifically hate the workers who control the means of production, got it.


ummm, headmistress?


police: smollett suspected of lying about attack


youres*


an explicitly rhetorical version of that comment would look like an alien wrote it. sarcasm and rhetorical comparisons usually shouldn't be explicitly outlined.      the "/s" of reddit is an abomination.


entire anime subreddit freaks out over the author of a certain comic


yes, what kind of drugs are you on?


google had blacklisted t_d long before the quarantine.


petishun to make swamy ji r/bakchodi's national ambassador.


whoa! looks like someone is triggered! - /politics, probably.


according to the numbers, literally anything over $10 is considered a "cut"      real big benefit to the average person for sure.


i fully expect there to be a us/eu shooting war in the next century.


places like r/askscience and r/askhistory * remove comments that aren't serious answers, are jokes, or don't have any evidence backing them up. in all reality this was probably just a joke that somebody wrote and it probably didn't answer the question. which is something the moderators would (understandably) remove. not really cancer.


i think you're parents will be more supportive than you think


and a security guard in his off time from being a green beret.


i can't justify these peoples' actions against him, but i can't take much pity on their reactions on everything, either.      this dude is setting himself up.


i've posted this comment dozens of times in the last week let alone month, people aren't learning


what a marvelous feat this is! our people have no idea.


did you get this off the back of a cereal box?


oof


then read the rules before you post.


living like larry


for one, you need to look up what comparable means. apples and oranges, for example, are most definitely comparable.      and it's the same concept, just turned around. it's what you do to show hypocrisy. with your definition of "context" noones ever hypocritical, cause nothings comparable.


all male twitch streamers are pedos


appears in the form of.   that's exactly my point, any additional policing (even if its because the community desperately needs it and many are begging for it) will be labelled as profiling, as you just did.


what agenda? ending discrimination?


i think blood is aesthetically pleas—wait.      *linkin park plays in the background.*      wait, wait! we can't make that joke, chester hung himself!      *switches to infinite's theme*      fuck go back


but aise bade statues isntall karne se unko dar hota hain. as per manmohanji muslims have the right for resources and you're not letting them off scare hindus with giant minarets and towers. sheesh!!


what even is that sub? i've seen it referenced all over, but the posts and sidebar make no sense to me


suicide prevention is about getting those disillusioned with our world back to work, able to pay on their debts, and gaslit about what caused them to want to die in the first place. there is a direct link between austerity and suicide rates. when a government is big on austerity, they also are big on suicide prevention. teresa may comes to mind.      imagine suicide nets on iphone factories in china. but more of a social engineering approach on a large scale     


honestly yeah, what happened to elegant baby names. i s2g people name their pets with more care than their kids      i think isabel's a lovely name for a girl personally!


every life also have some degree of happiness, and death is meaningless


with 1.6k upvotes and a ton of positive comments.      and that entire sub is literally all shitposts. look at it.


backbencher memes everywhere


they said a word


at the end"har har modi".


any sub about entitled ppl is generally littered with bullshit      /r/choosingbeggars /r/raisedbynarcissists /r/quityourbullshit come to mind


good for you! it's your life, live it the way you want. i hope you have a good, satisfying life!


come on homie seal it with a bit of tape or something at least


what has the company been telling people for 20 years, and which company?


most of them last like 2 days and are basically just "haha random xd".   like the surgery on a grape meme which came from tumblr, it was dogshit


one consequence you can control: resentment


accountants and nurses aren't part of stem....


it seems to happen a lot more with this conversation though for some reason. like people will *commit* to the bit that they are trans and *insist* that all of their experiences add up to the term being totally fine and it's always a huge mind fuck for me.


making sure you have better generals and advisors is a core part of being the best ruler. delegation is an underrated skill.


'sweets were distributed in dd news office when us denied visa to narendra modi'


okay, but it seems they're forgetting about ivankov, who can literally change the genders of people by stabbing them with needle-like fingers, and is the leader of an island of transvestites. that was ten years ago those chapters came out, what the hell happened to everyone between then and now?


russel doesnt get enough spotlight, imo


its an agenda posting thread preety much. ironically the only drama is the arguments in this thread


i live in florida, the great gator siege has been going on for months. nukes will be used soon if no progress is made.


i want to vomit


lol they got called out on their shit then tried to play it off as an april fools joke.


anon explains women


pizza"gate"shill giving context to 6 year olds getting titty twisters.


naruto had always really been a story about basically-wizards, let's be honest. i was cool with the explosion of power as it went on mostly because the fights didnt become caricatures because of it-- it just added a lot of bombast.      bleach is an example of power creep gone to hell. the final (manga) arc of bleach especially devolves into everyone developing 11th hour power ups roughly three times per fight, and the final big bad himself was quite literally impossible to beat without an asspull. (as in, he was revealed to be able to not only see the future, but decide what the future would be, even when dead. completely omnipotent.)


and now we return to our favourite show      "anything that is not 000000 is whitewashing"


just read someone's love letter to my boyfriend


which is the most fun for an intro to the genre?


>i never said ban them from what i could have meant ban them from getting arrested.      what?     


your title is kind of dumb. it's not saying it's racist to be straight, it's saying it's racist to have a straight pride parade. i agree that that's a stupid thing they're saying, but your title makes no sense


this was kinda funny idk


get a hobby where you are making things instead of just consuming them


it's 2019, no cares if you're gay anymore.       also, relevant username


and there's still one person defending their narrative, after the truth comes out.      never let the truth get in the way of a good story!


this fucking raccoon keeps coming into my back yard at 2am and eating my dogs food. it will die one of these days, i just haven't got the right opportunity. i also don't have the materials to process it afterward so i kind of feel bad about shooting it. seems like you need a ton of shit to skin it.


it's adorable how they project their fangirling of aoc onto the opposition, while desperately ignoring the actual criticisms, some of which come from the left.


yeah, i've always been of the opinion that if they're consenting adults, i genuinely couldn't give a fuck what they do in the bedroom.


dude, no offense, but i would run for the border.  it sounds to me like she is affecting your life negatively, and dragging you down on a sinking ship.  maybe you could have a long talk with her about your future together?      good luck to you, i hope it all works out.


yeah, virgin shaming is no different than slut shaming. using one's sexuality to insult them is shitty for society. people who dont see it that way need booted to the head.


^


we need to get rid of the double standard too. the court system favors women.


don't knock red lobster bro


wiggler is our word, but you can say wiggla


> 50 shades of grey are both ripe for cultural analyses      i think you might be interested in these [1]([URL] [2]([URL] [3]([URL]


well alrighty then i'm done arguing with idiots on reddit for today. have a blessed weekend.


some are but this one screams fake. there are crazy people out there


fucking knew this shit would crop up when they released his origin video, shows none of them know a single damn thing about skin tone and lighting (or the fact that it's a simple sketch comic so simple colors and tones.)      saw a shit load of them complaining they didn't get a black woman too.


that's what i came to say. op's title for the post does not match up with the article at all.       when i read the title i was expecting a tumblr post of someone revering bouman, or denigrating the other scientists/researchers.       not an article that is literally just recounting the timeline of events since the release of the black hole photo and the corresponding repercussions.


if you only discuss the issues and do nothing to fix them, shut your mouth


that would still be racist....     


i'm curious, what were the default subs back then?


aw thanks. but i can't accept this honour.    just follow bill and ted's law.    be excellent to each other.


breadtube      that's all i need to know about this persons perspective lol


[URL]


im traveling and miss my kids


and op is swedish?


hey nutritionalyeast_! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * there is not enough drama to merit an srd submission.        please wait and see if things develop further, or look for a subthread with more drama. make sure you're linking with the proper context.      events such as "x sub was hacked" or "y sub was made private" are not drama in and of themselves - do not just link to a subreddit that was taken over. if there are dramatic happenings around the takeover, please make a self post and include links to drama that users can read.            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


i can't wait to try my chinese boyfriend's mother's noodles. can i pronounce it? no. do i want them anyways? yes


wasn't it one of the former major investors/board members for tumblr that called the community out for supplanting fact with opinion and imtentional falsehood?


incels


just the desire for the gussy alone should be life in prison. i bet you give homeless people money, watch them buy alcohol, and think "maybe tomorrow when i give him another $20..."


twilight?  symbolism?  dude it's all about abstinence!  now, if it contributes anything meaningful to the conversation, that's another question.


i'll sex ur lil pp


do you because i was providing a number for when i made the original comment?


i think i am pregnant


also, why do so many common stone-type moves have shitty accuracy?      can't even have fuckin rock tomb with 100 accuracy. give me a break.


me too.


bruh this is some r/badfakerexts material


not to be a nerd or anything, but i don't think there's any pokemon that can learn that moveset. (:


r/bestofguzman


r/poopisland


does it need a point? i didn't know we were rationing fun.


waiting for titrcj to apologize to cardi b for all she went through.


the story is also loosely retold in a large number of forms of varying completeness in asian media. like the arthurian legends of asia.


it was a really really bad post. this one is too.      #**mods**


how about we restrict the flow of capital, not labor. instead of the current state where capital is free to do as it wishes but international workers are ticketed serfs.      immigration has literally nothing at all to do with current wage levels. capitalism is amply capable of extracting virtually all surplus value from the workers at all levels of supply. but capital doesn't even really give a shit about immigration, look at how quickly the billionaires lined up behind trump. what is important to them is their ability to shift capital to tax havens, not increasing the net labor in the united states. they are just glad you are distracted.      but capital isn't interested in building factories in poor countries. it is only interested in stripping them of their resources to prop up the imperial core. net flows of capital from the global south to the global north are over six trillion a year. yes that includes the foreign aid, the small pittance that you begrudgingly hand out and expect oh so much gratitude for. it doesn't even begin to scratch the surface of all that the neocolonial empire takes from the third world to prop up its empire. without the imf, the world bank, and the military industrial complex, america would be nothing but a bunch of gas stops.


yeah, dude, total cash grab. ea just saw something people would be willing to for over $20 to see and slapped it together.


so i guess chris brown is whitewashed.


did you forget that to the progressive left even classical liberals are "far right"


truly /[USER] is a man worthy of respect and fellatio pinging, instead of mean pinging.


all the people who agreed with you (myself included) got banned. sorry that you were attacked      edited to add: i am now unbanned


i've read some theory that it's because his general's family ended up building the jin dynasty that united china... only to crash and burn 50 years later and restart the whole civil war thing.       so later people thought the jin and their cao wei forebears were just shitty rulers, compared to the glorious han and their shu han descendant.


have seen it elsewhere, but here's the first thing i found on google.       [URL]


if you can't get laid because of your height , your height isn't the problem. i got laid in a wheelchair at my mother's house to genuinely attractive girls, anyone who can't get laid and blames there height , wealth , or whatever probably has the game of a wet noodle.


intersex      [[URL]


trust me, the people working hate them too.        fast food restaurants have a window time they are supposed to meet.


birth of the alt-right (circa 2015-2016)


it sounds bad in both languages, especially when pronouncing rs. also it sounds thick and stupid and anyone who says otherwise is wrong. i speak english on a daily basis and i'd say that my grammar and pronunciation is fine but i avoid any public speaking just because of the rs.


the internet has ruined me


we did some disaster relief when i was in the navy (dropped off a bunch of supplies after a tsunami in india) and i went over with a bunch of navy volunteers, army reserve and active duty army to afghanistan, where we helped them build schools, roads, and even taught some farming techniques. (the last bit was the texas national guard actually, not my group).      also got to work with polish special forces, which was really cool.


[on illegal aliens being detained/deported]think this is a violation of international human rights laws. indefinite anddetention without hearing, sounds like something mother russia would like[sh]


just reddit things...


because most of them live with their parents.


there is more chance of china annexing balochistan/ pakistan gifting it to china, than balochistan becoming independent.


the part of the movie she claims she watched explicitly say alita is a human brain in a robot head.       and, **spoilers**:      she does have a body built for battle. it's just not the one she starts off with, which was designed for doc ido's late daughter. most of her combat capabilities are simply memory.


i just found out i have a kid


nah half of them are just critiques of leftist ideology. i don't know why you define a whole sub as incels and bigots because you saw a few that you didn't like and a few alt-righters there.       having been part of that sub for a few days and engaged with them, i can tell you most are just regular conservatives.       unless of course you meant to say "anyone who is remotely right is guilty of [insert ad hominem here]" which is the type of mentality most of the memes poked fun of.      a minority of racist, sexist etc memes are no reason to quarantine a sub.


commies actually believe this.


to be fair, he was originally hired as a garbage boy and mainly as a favor to his dead mother


this is the same woke twilight zone reboot that had a baby president and a moral being "if you're a comedian that makes jokes you're literally killing what you make jokes about"


i'm trans, and even i want this person to shut the fuck up. maybe some things just matter more to some people than others? not everyone has to care about every fucking issue this world has, because that would probably kill them from pure stress alone.


isn't that stonetoss or something?      anyway, link?


[[USER]]([URL] i need silver, gold and platinum to start my own dmt cult franchise. hail hydra.


class traitors? good grief. when i got masters degree and got a high paying job did i betray my class? should i send my son to trade school out of class solidarity. what nonsense.


i take a half step right, you do the same, we are on equal footing, life is great. you do not do the same, you are an ass who is on your ass, and my life is still great.       are there actually people out there who don't make the effort to share space?


eh, try harder 1/10. i'll be back with popcorn for "surely this is the end of drumpf!" pt xxiv


its called mimi


poor flareon was done dirty by the mechanics of the first few generations. when a pokémon uses a move of its type it gets a lot stronger, so any fire move flareon used would be more powerful. flareon also has a lot of physical attack, so it wants to use fire moves that hit physically.       the only issue is that before gen 4, moves were classified as "physical" or "special" not inherently, but by their type. so every single fire move (including fire *punch*) was a special move, which flareon could not use effectively. throw on top of this a super shallow move pool of lackluster coverage and you could see why jolteon or vaporeon saw a lot more usage.       they eventually additionally gave flareon stronger moves on top of the physical and special split


if you give advice to people in a dark place with the expectation of thanks/karma/etc, you're doing it for the wrong reasons


hahaha yeah right, no poop wall pics no poop wall proof


watch the show! it's all on youtube.      edit: no joke it's better than game of thrones right now


it's someone pointing out the hypocrisy of those against animal abuse while eating animals. what are you not getting


well, over the age of 12 or those scandinavians that go from a sauna to an icy lake for fun.


they say the right can't meme but all their memes were originally right memes lol i don't think any of these people own mirrors


r/politicalhumor believes that all trump supporters are racists and deserve to be assaulted


i called someone i was friends with an idiot after they tried to show a cnn video of a non profit that helps migrant children and provides shelter as proof that trump's concentration camps were much nicer than the media says. she refused to see or believe anything that disputed this or evidence that trump prevents non profits like that from helping detained children/infants. she also didn't like that i tried to explain that her being an idiot for her support of trump is a compliment because the only other possibility was her being evil.      so, what i'm getting at is, you called a friend stupid then when she got upset you said it was a compliment because she is also evil????


womp womp


i mean i guess? but she was a super soldier as a child, so i guess she's not at the same time? she kinda had to learn those things?? idk. she may be an asian stereotype or she may not be. it's the way you look at it i guess.


one of the girls at my school did this and told my sister she ran into me more than anyone


til that there is such thing as a diet completely opposite to vegan.


linking that sub after (insert sub you like) got banned is the biggest and most consistent cope.


lmao it's funny because everywhere i look i see contruction and lines at walmart and record amounts of people blowing their money on robinhood and companies taking on higher rates of corporate debt than ever (and banks being super chill with it) and disney ever-expanding their theme parks and people buying art again,..      and at the same time i log into reddit and hear about how everyone's starving, living in squalor, with no job prospects, addicted to drugs and 2d porn, all while being shot up by the police and having their freeze peach taken away.      i don't think the world is near as bad as r/all-tards make it out to be.


i agree with this sentiment about cao cao being the best warlord. liu bei just happened to have the best advisors and some of the best generals at his side, and prevented others from having the same.      one of the most infuriating instances between the two was when lu bu was captured by cao cao, and cao cao was having tea with liu bei. he asked liu bei if he would spare lu bu. lu bu, a skilled warrior, would have become a problem for liu bei in the future so he convinced cao cao to kill him... completely disregarding the fact that lu bu had saved him before. i really don't understand how someone like this is usually presented as the "hero" of the three kingdoms.


believe all victimis flies directly in the face of the presumption of innocence, which exists for a very good reason. "believe all victims" is not a "good idea."       "believe facts" is the only reasonable approach.


yeah, i was surprised to see it was six years old. i found it very entertaining from start to finish, a fun poke at celebrity lifestyles and personalities!


i never just compose a post for an op. i also write because it feels good to write.  i enjoy the process of thinking about something and conveying those thoughts somewhat intelligently. writing also helps me practice my communication skills.      in addition to the above, l reply to ops so that others may hear what i have to say. maybe my words won't reach the op, but there is always the chance they could resonate with a lurker who is going through a similar issue.


an american icon.


why do you have to call it "version 1.12.3"? that's stupid as hell. just call it update 1,2,3,4...500, etc.      why use some crappy decimal system when you can just use whole numbers like a regular person.


this isn't on tv.   this is on your facebook.on your twitter feeds.   tv's media is much better.      watch doordarshan ffs.better than most of all.   or you can watch the channels which endorse right ideology and then watch the channels with left ideolgy.after that make up your mind according to your opinion.      quint jaise are sponsored so you will see what they cover.their article was used by pakistan against kulbhushan jadhav.   this was over the limit.you are so against government that you are making mockery of the government on international stage just for the sake if foe/fos.


everybody believes the character to be a beautiful female ~~courtesan~~ (edit: teahouse worker, got two characters mixed up) literally up until the last page of the most recent chapter, but reveals they're actually a man, and a master swordsman, but, in their own words, "a female at heart".      unlike other characters, this one wasn't done to an extreme stereotype to "show" they're different. other trans characters are pretty heavy on the stereotypes. google "bon clay" or "emporio ivankov".


yes i noticed that..app certainly needs many improvements.      i  paid in bharat ke veer app in `bharat ke veer corpus fund`


is this how 4chan like?


this post was removed by r/formula1 in the name of "low quality"!!! i ask why...!?? link below.


about 500.      but how many will be banned for posting offensive meme that would be profitable for modi, on reddit!      all!!!      reddit takes from 4chan, then, facebook pages take from reddit!\~it could be of some help in       not much but its honest work!


i agree with you on that.


i chose money over my best friend and i feel terrible about it.


weren't his last words basically "i fucked up, i shouldn't have gotten close to the ray"?


>lite      keep dreaming      this is mdecoontown


this is one of my favourite comments ever


i'll automatically stop taking you seriously if you use the term "ypipo/ytpipo". just....why?


mlk, ghandi, and rosa parks were apparently privileged then


i don't follow basketball in the slightest and cannot imagine that guy is doing anything other than flame baiting. he seems pretty genuine though.      if you've ever been at a bar and seen two people break out in a physical fight because they support rival teams it's a sobering fucking experience.       only sport i watch right now is ifsc because nobody really cares who wins, and everybody is always happy for whoever wins the finals.


lmao he thought snappy was a user again and replied to it


just wanna commend you on putting together a near perfect troll account. you've nailed all the stereotypes and mannerisms. just try to be a bit more subtle in the future.


yeah, cause [martin luther king junior]([URL] and [the civil rights movement]([URL] don't exist.


youthurn media.


that also works lol


backfire   >to have the reverse of the desired or expected effect      this is just out of context trolling. aka useless twitter tatti


the video r/imgoingtohellforthis doesn't want you to see


hurr capitalism has killed more people than socialism/communism


wait a second....blitzkrieg...blitz...lightning.....my god


dmhg      edit: on  a second thought, reddit must be absolutely thrilled about moderators removing gilded posts and thus lowering people's incentive to do so in the future. obviously i'm not saying that once a post is gilded it ought to be undeletable but removing posts in bad faith, like is happening here definitely hurts the bottom line.


you can have your culture back if you like. it's in the toilet, i made sure not to flush so you can take it if you want.


i'm pretty sure op isn't saying that liking pikachu makes you a nazi


your submission or comment was removed for the following reason(s):         ---      ---      **[rule 7: do not post anything from reddit here, for the love of santa]([URL]      >no, seriously, don't bring any sjw bullshit or anything else you found on **any other part of reddit** over here. no linking to threads, no screenshots, no "discussing" the character of other subreddits and how they're clear examples of sjws, no complaining about how you were banned by the mods of other subreddits, *none of it*. we're neither /r/subredditdrama nor /r/subredditcancer, and we don't want to get involved with that shit. leave us the hell out.      ---            ---      if you have any questions or comments about this action, **use this link to send us a mod mail message** [here]([URL] my removed submission&message=i'm writing to you about the following removal: [URL] %0d%0dmy issue is:).           **any pm sent to individual mods about this action will likely be ignored.  mod mail is the proper channel and will be your best bet for any appeals, so please use the link above.**


you need to spend all your taxes on allowing illegal immigrants in and giving them free stuff      "using your private wealth on anything but me means you're a racist"


go to /v


uhhh, i'm guessing that's a no? lol


isn't vgc a fustercluck of legendaries and weather cheesing?


☢️☢️☢️


huzzah!  a toast to that, my friend!


>from plant sources, most will only give you some of the ones you need (soy being an exception).         this is incorrect. all proteins provide all the essential amino acids. different plant proteins just have different ratios of them. so if you got all your protein from lettuce and only got the minimum amount of protein needed, then you would be deficient in certain amino acids. most people, even vegans, get well over the amount of the minimum protein necessary.       if you got all your minimum protein from lettuce, you would fall short in methionine, but you would have only eaten 550 calories.      [URL]


you said that everything is going as planned. if so, then maybe you can end the trip early.


> once you start having 1k plus taken out in taxes on paychecks, this mentality changes.      sounds like e n t i t l e m e n t


the chapo civil war between content creators and people who post on reddit continues


kviiilyn


the best part about the left trying (and failing) to use the triggered and safe space memes is just how quickly they forget that those were things they were talking about and trying to implement *unironically* just a few years ago.


if you want good healthcare for all texans, vote the republicans out of office [+30] r/texas


is it public now?


and he also pushes girls to give them nudes and when he has 1 night stands, he asks to move in with them.       source: people who seemingly knew him since years ago (wow, twitch, hirez)


dude lucky! as long as she's at least mildly attractive i'd be fine with that, i have a dude as my doctor, makes my physicals pretty uncomfortable


the wikipedia page says "economics and international relations" and that she got it with honors, iirc. not poli sci and a minor.


he can stop time, so why doesn't he just sneak into an aquarium and do it?


coked up, my country's vice-chancellor got duped by a decoy posing as a russian oligarch's niece. also wants to model our press landscape after daddy orban's


not logically feasible. tournaments can be huge with hundreds of games going on simultaneously. you *could* limit it to the top tables where the feature matches are ongoing, but eh then what's the point. even in that case, there isn't enough money in the game to afford such personnel. also, a lot of players are very possessive about their cards, which have real monetary value. risking rough treatment in the hands of another gets some people really hot and heated.


have you considered living in an actual country?


he can take the wheelchair as long as he honors tradition and mounts the head to his wall too.


the regressive left, sure, i guess. not the entire left.


because critical thinking is harder than jumping on a bandwagon


no no no, you see, you actually raped her because molestation is a power dynamic issue /s      all jokes aside, i'm really sorry to hear that and hope you're doing ok


absolutely, but based on your comment here i don't think i'd be able to convince you


yeah because the "arab spring" is what you want to associate yourself with.


yes, just one; what exactly are you smoking?


not sure i could ever love someone who jabbed a needle in my gums


do you think hurriyat needs security? security was actually spying on them.


[URL]


turnabout is fair play considering how amal clooney and holley mangold are often defined by their relationships to notable men.


idk, some peeps are just fucked up from the start.


here you go [URL]


i disagree with you **but** i'm here for you to have the right to disagree with me


>i don't want less taxes, i want a less shitty america.       once you start having 1k plus taken out in taxes on paychecks, this mentality changes. especially since you can't see fuck all what your taxes are going towards.      the founding fathers would've offed themselves for the greater good if they could see america now.


a toast to the wh*te mods of bpt who made this possible!


fuck


minecraft it is


with zero awareness that those people he's "reeesisting" are sacrificing the best years of their lives to protect his right to say stupid shit


i like that idea, but realistically i think ron would kill the other guy / kid first.


all these ""different"" people coming into my country to steal my job and reap benefits without working.


[URL]


human race is very diverse. our whole family migrated from nwf ( kyber pakhtun) in 1947.      we have relatives who range from almost white ( dirty blondish hair) to dark brown. there was lot of cross cultural contacts in the past and racial intermixing. even religion was very fluid compared to now


if chans get destroyed the internet will get infected


finally, a use for that linguistics degree!!


lmao yeah he's a good sport for sure. i actually can't think of a post where he got upset about anything personal.


nah there isn't anything to play off but different cultures i suppose. our parents clip our ear for being cheeky but they would be disappointed if we werent a bit lippy.


half of chicago would of burned down of this didn't happen on the coldest days on record.  


suppose i'm nega-trump: i want to help people more than corporations. i permanently cut personal taxes by 10%, while temporarily decreasing corporate taxes by 1% (which will expire in a few years). i sell this to corporations as a yuuuge tax break.      but since taxes were massively cut, the national debt is piling up. to cut costs i cut corporate welfare - farm subsidies to big ag, stuff like that. that's probably not enough, so whatever party gets elected in future will have to raise corporate taxes again to keep the national debt under control. but that's not my problem because i'll be out of office by then.      is this a good deal for corporations?


yeah, i agree with everything but the remakes and sequels. i'm into those for the most part (agreed on the 3ds zeldas, btw) and i get a lot out of those but i just enjoy those experiences and that's my personal taste and we can disagree on that civilly. to your point about criticism, i agree. i've seen it in a lot of cases. i don't spend time in the star fox sub but i hear about that over and over again. i see it in fighting game subs too. i play a lot of retro shit and they can be pretty hostile to people who don't like certain games. and i say people use the downvote as a disagree button too. it really is ridiculous. that's not what it's for. downvotes are supposed to discourage trolls and off topic posts. you're supposed to use it to further a discussion.


i sold it to furniture store. i also made them aware that it might be possible that they are infected.


i prefer have glade-plugin-sperm-scent in **every** room      i guess we'll have to agree to disagree.


[i mean...]([URL]


i suffer from adhd/depression/anxiety/bipolar disorder. every since diagnosis i have would land me into the nuthouse back then—yet i am planning a horror comic based around a mental asylum—granted i wanted to take a different spin on it out of respect so people don't come to this kind of conclusion.  i'm personally not offended because i still have some brain cells kicking around    basically i'm saying mental illness isn't scary and a asylum setting isn't bad at all! it's the horrific things they did to people they were suppose to help us horrifying, especially for someone with a mental illness—but hey—it's horror,,,that's kind of the fucking point


cao cao has always been my fave since he was the first i played in the psp dynasty warriors, but his fairly amoral characterisation in fiction is a result of the romance being authored by a huge liu bei fanboy i believe.


yep


hate to burst your bubble, but i have a great job, own my own home, have a brand new $63k vehicle, two kids, etc etc etc...basically i'm a chad.      that said, i never said you said a fucking thing. i said that the op made a conditional offer, and that her rejecting the condition is fine, as is his withdrawl of the offer based on her rejection of her condition.      think of it like this: i don't have a car, but i have money. you have a car, but no money. i offer dinner based on the condition that you drive, and you say that you won't drive us to dinner. you think i'm still gonna buy you dinner? foh.


[URL]      no lie here friend.


major drama unfolding among powermods including belle and all of the favorites. calling all dramanauts to bring this drama to the surface


sentient


do furries get the gulag? /r/chapotraphouse discusses


interesting, well i probably wouldn't think of a sub named after someone as being open to a lot of criticism of said person.


aye, but when i think of barbaric practices i think of a whole range of things from torture to  medical trials without consent.      i hope one day, our heirs will look back on us and think us barbaric for allowing poverty and homelessness to exist.


literally who tho


this


the whole sub is full of shitposts though, it's a dead show (more or less) about injokes and popular culture (conflicting i know) which it makes fun of. it's a "shitshow" if you wish, in the best positive sense.


this is my unironic thoughts as well.


it's basically a place for memes praising socialism and the most extreme side of the left we have on reddit


they're sleeping in aluminum foil blankies sir.  we need to do better y'all


looks like the bot did it - i wonder if it keyed on "antifa" or on "ngo" or whether it took both to get removed.


honestly wasn't salt the main concern? it seemed pretty obvious it was going to end up better for low tax states, but be kind of shitty for ca and ny specifically.  it seemed like it was very much trying to target democrats and make them pay more.       the big thing too is that in those states though, there are people making low 6 figs that barely make rent because of absurd urban cost of living and that's just where their job is.      there was quite a bit of really nice stuff in there though like letting elderly be counted as dependents.


this whole thing is r/rareinsults


exactly.         once a classmate in school said i was like a brother to her      told her "bhai ka itna shauk hai toh jake apne mom dad ko bol"


alexa play "aarambh"


honestly, you absolutely have heard logical reasons for having kids,.unless you've never listened to other people speak. disagreeing with the logic is fine and a defensible position, but it's still on some level logical.      for instance, the good outweighs the bad with regards to living. there is logic in that statement, even though it runs directly counter to yours, and it is a reason for having kids.


explains "ash", doesn't it?       (slow clap)


teen vogue: for useless people by useless people


we're only sayin' you're doin' fine       oklahoma,      oklahoma, o-k-l-a-h-o-m-a,      oklahoma


emotional support is just as important if not more important than financial support. if his/her parents can't provide him/her with both than they should not be a parent. people should really ask themselves if they would be a good parent, instead of just jumping into it because they start to feel their age.      saying shit like "you live under my roof, and eat my food, so you you have no reason to complain" is such a toxic thing to say.  if you are toxic/abusive/willingly absent to your children, than you are a huge piece of shit, no way around it, no matter how much money you throw at them, you are in no position to complain about the fact that they don't love you, or even hate you.


i think i really needed to vent this out and forgive me for it being so long.      in late january, my dad had a massive heart attack and almost died before his 50th birthday. he had 3 clogged arteries, 100%, 85% and another 70 ish %. my heart was so fucking crushed when i saw him the icu, all pale, ivs sticking out every which way, and a giant feeding tube shoved down his throat. that week, was probably the worst week in my entire life.       all in the months of may and june; my childhood dog died at 13, right before her birthday in july.      i had to re-home my lizard because i am moving and she means literally so much to me. i fucking bawled even thinking about her leaving my home. luckily she went to a good family friend, but it's like parting from my child for me.      i got into a big fight with my old best friend and they said some really cruel and nasty things about me and i honestly don't know when that wound will heal for me.      my therapist from since i was 2 years old, has cancer. it rapidly approached and in just a month she went from active and clear headed, to being at the point where she can no longer take care of herself and needs daily assistance.      during this entire year, i think i've been abusing a substance, using it as a crutch. i want to get help, but i also don't want to necessarily stop altogether.      so basically that was my year (so far). i have to admit, there have been some really wonderful things that have happened, but it's hard to enjoy them. i mean, this year will always be branded into my brain (the most being my father's near death experience).      thank you for reading and i hope you can have a wonderful rest of 2019


my dad told me "you have a gun in your room, you could've used it this entire time"


it's not harassment to state facts, or even point out poor behavior. sounds like the mods are simply bowing to his will.


sure, if you wanna die from calorie deficit.


it's hard to pick up chikorita's when you're cute but have no moves


my favorite part about this is the comments. a bunch of reasonable comments with critique of the argument in the article and then a few more down and someone says "as these comments demonstrate, we have a serious racism problem in the us" (paraphrased).


i love that the focus is on the milkshake not the beating he took and the brain bleed the guy has.           *but it wasnt cement because sugar!!!*           okay. so whoever cooked up the idea isnt a chemist, **shocker**.


welcome to the west, 2019.  it's only going to get worse.  my advice; prepare, train, arm yourself, good luck and god speed.


*an exclusive game!* **i'll steal it!** ***no one will ever know!!***


idk, i get what you're saying, but even if that's what stunfisk is like, that means it has one issue compared to like twenty for smogon forums.


talk to him.  seriously.  i was a teacher.  every year i got impassioned notes about how much someone loved me.  it was adorable.  but it was also meaningless.        he probably is flattered and entirely uncomfortable with someone writing something like that to him, and has no idea how to deal.  i didnt, the first few times.


fake: a woman touched anon's dick      gay: anon wanted a dude to touch his dick


if you have to tell people you run things, you don't run shit.


they were treated very well and were buried when they died wither during construction or after


pretty sure that's actually gonna happen


i appreciate your enthusiasm for sarcasm, but to become a master you mustn't use /s.      *i'm a human being, and this action was performed manually.*


i'm an antinatalist. we believe that having children is bringing into being a conscious person who will suffer and die. i've never heard a logical reason for having kids.


rucka is probably writing it as we speak


f to all bakchods followed overnight!


yes!


i'm sick of people posting reddit      rule 7 exists for a reason      it's there so we can't get accused of brigading which regressives could use to get the sub shut down      stop posting fucking reddit content


but think of all the great things the world has received from africa in return


allah strike me down for seriousposting: but it's also part of human nature to cast out worthless, lazy slobs who won't pull their own weight.      as you said, it's all about the wellness of the tribe.


sluuurp


you sayin' that arnold (yes, governator arnold) is a hateful bigot?


he'd have to be able to lift his leg to do that. he probably sits down to pee.


oh no! fuck i hate fj but you're right. that explains people caring about being downvoted


are you being serious? if yes, then just lol.       also, the purpose of my original comment was to express, how quick people are to jump on your neck for stating that particular opinion, it wasn't against you lol.


r/writingprompts is like the only sub you can legitimately believe is fanfic and stories. the rest is a mix of obvious bs and occasional truth strewn about.       anytime i see an essay length post with a ridiculously detailed back story and a paragraph explaining the abbreviations ("bm: bitchy mom, s: sis"...etc.) i just dismiss that as fake.


link bhi?


i run a fear team constantly and i occasionally defeat one pokemon in a match so i'm basically better than all of you at this


especially since the link popped up as a response to someone talking about       >that subreddit dedicated to pictures of dragons having sex with cars.      like, if that coupled with /r/dragonsfuckingcars isn't enough of a clue, i sure as hell don't think a simple nsfw tag will suffice.  


this is why we need common sense wrench control


the fact that she decides not to pursue a masters degree and subsequently blames that on "white supremacy" suggests a mind boggling absence of even the most basic forms of self awareness. she allows a perceived slight to her woke sensibilities to determine her fate and excuses herself using the default woke scapegoat. if it weren't for "white supremacy", she'd have to face up to the fact that "gender studies" isn't a very sought after discipline. now she can blame this and all future failures on the great white boogyman.


grade-a summary of what went down there. as a survivor, it was intense. xd


it doesn't sound like you're unwilling to work. just that you can't find a job that isn't utter shit. i've been there man. i won't work in another job where i can be replaced in a day. i recommend trade school to everyone for a good career. one year/two semester certificate will start you in a field where you're actually important and valuable. also you're likely to get support of family/gf if you say you want to go to school.


i stopped shaving entirely, but i was pretty into shaving before i decided to go full beard. safety razor, badger hair brush, lather cup, etc. it's got a nice, calming sort of ritualistic feel to it when you put the extra effort into a shave.


little pot calling the kettle here on the koolaide.


tumblr now trolls itself because nobody else is doing it. i wonder if there's some sort of pattern to this


but of course they also say denuvo doesn't work because pirates say "we'll just wait a week or month or three rather than buy the game lol" even if it is on steam.


i'm really happy to see competitive pokemon drama here. for what it's worth, on offensive sets fire blast almost always makes more sense. a weird defensive special set would run flamethrower instead though (assuming it ran any attack in addition to hyper voice). but if your team comp handled these common threats already (i.e. you have a specs magnezone) then it doesn't really matter. personally, i think special altaria is fairly bad and physical does everything better assuming you have a magnezone anyways, except for surprise factor in ladder bo1 games.      thanks for reading my ted talk.


if people put the same effort in science and shit, we would be living in the moons of saturn by now.


it's stupid to target entire groups for harassment and organized violence period. we are supposed to be better than that.


you arent allowed to say an obviously fake story is fake?


fuckin right. thats the best revenge ever.


but the new game really is going to be epic, if you're into recreating huge battles and managing a kingdom


imagine your father hurling you to make a point that you're expendable


it crowd and black books are better than every american sitcom not named seinfeld or community.


dbz would've been perfect if it ended after the android saga. at least hogan would've emerged as the strongest and coolest character andnstayed like that.


doing pot has an all new meaning!


geoff


not sure what point you're trying to make. the differences are obvious, and i'm still not condoning piracy. it's irony; if they really wanted to hurt the game they'd refuse to play it and discourage friends from doing so as well.


ok, ya this is the of those things that if it's a deal breaker then it shouldn't have been anyway kinda deals. ass to mouth is an aquired taste. anal is one thing, but a2m is another


good start


people have thought king arthur had a nugget of truth to it.      people will believe most things if not taught the truth, and often the actual truth is put aside in favour of stories.


alliances are just clan friendships, maybe!      i'm not confident in being this reductive!


happens a lot more than people like to admit


that makes sense.


this reminds me of the typical "stephen king small town" backdrop of derry maine.  looks alright on the surface but look a little closer and it gets creepy quick.


that's why you accept payment up front.


ohhh look at those hashtags, oh how hypocritical


because just like there are lies, damn lies, and statistics, there is propaganda, blatant propaganda, and scientific consensus. ideology presented as objective truth is far more evil than when presented for what it is.


ok marvel k chode


real phrenology hours who up


i really want a dynasty warriors type game set in the star wars universe, or maybe a zombie apocalypse type one


imma haf to disagree on this one point. the things i would do, you have no idea...


there are four lights!


i love asian women. something about the shape of their bodies turns me on. which is weird, because i'm very much a straight woman.


slightly off topic but r/menslib looks like a great subreddit about men's issues that isn't toxic (i'm looking at you, r/mgtow)


i like your taste in names :)


sounds like their white roommate got tired of all of the racism.


he's not just wrong, he's felony wrong and headed to a grand jury on the police rept apparently.  then the feds get to play with him about the terroristic threats and white powder mailed to his office... bwahahahahahah.


lmao! how dare he suffer a war injury and lose his eye? when they find a way to replace eyes with an eye that replaces the vision, that's one thing. otherwise people can chill tf out.


nice.


i just want to be useful in my life, to do something useful to someone... but at the same time, im just too locked inside, its too hard to let new people in my life... idk, life is not fair... every time i think that not living would be better, without pain.


have you owned the libs yet?      i am a bot. [contact for questions]([URL]


can you please give me a name of one person who voted for trump because russia told them to?       remember that the mueller investigation started from illegal made up surveillance.       stop drinking the collusion koolaide.      


you forgot jewish


if you tweet in that font you are four and need some tendies, a nappie, and a nap.


i don't think they were saying it counts against that reasoning, just that power dynamics are only inherent to incestual relationships with generational gaps/age differences. i don't fully agree, but their point that there's no real way to ~rationally~ pinpoint why incest is inherently immoral is a valid one.


[redacted]


you don't need to practice when you're perfect.


ornithologists hate it.


saying how i feel


hold up peta did fucking what


well there goes almost/all the mods


i can't speak for everyone. it's not horrible in my experience, but i don't think people tie it back to disabilities. it's just a weird for someone being hyperactive or weird. i think retard is more of our equivalent to spastic.       i think it's starting to change a bit though. it's one of those words i tried to phase out of my vocabulary.


you mean apart from the irish?


hooo boy, guess again


don't. don't put *science* in it, it's disgraceful.


race war!


yes, so he's probably the one who got molested first.


but everything natural is evil. nature is the source of mortality, of death. nature is an endless charnel house of decay, a mountain of corpses. biology tricks us into perpetuating the cycle with dopamine and serotonin.      we need to rise above it, either by becoming transhumanists who exist in robot bodies or as disembodied brains, which won't happen, or using our intellect to destroy nature and the human species.      perusing sex, good food, etc is just giving into the death urge.      i'm not an incel, i've had sex and relationships. but it's just... meat interacting with other meat.


sit. duh. i'm not a sub human.


the sub was made to poke fun, as in jokes and memes. then it became news, serious posts theories whatever. literally the only thing i asked the new mods when they took over the sub was that i wanted no leg humping or fawning over the family. the duggars get praise everywhere the idea was that the sub was one place they wouldn't get any.    as the sub grew however the posts started to change. a lot of more sympathetic posts appeared and instead of hiding them or whatever people started badgering the mods and arguing with each other. there are four other subs to discuss the duggars and yet people insist on going on r/duggarssnark. i don't get it.  one of the mods was harassed so much they left. there is now constant trolling for absolutely no reason.       i do think a big issue is that people don't get how reddit works. you can hide posts and block people, downvotes and upvotes mean nothing.  i get downvoted all the time, i don't agree with some of the posts so i hide them. am i neutral? no because there once again 4 other subs on reddit, facebook groups, instagram accounts, forums etc. that are neutral. it is just one sub and people can't let it be.


implying most degenerates on the chans don't fake their degeneragcy for the attention


liu bei was quoted as saying his something along the lines of wives and children and like armor but his brothers in arms were his arms and legs. he did swear an oath in the peach garden to two complete strangers at the time. they swore to unite china, and to die on the same day, same month, and same year. this actually didn't happen. with guan yu dying first, then zhang fei. i've played all the romance of the three kingdoms and dynasty warriors and briefly read romance. liu bei's true problem as i saw it was that he didn't listen to his counsel from the smartest minds in china at that time( zhuge liang, pang tong) to name a few. he had every conceivable opportunity to unite china, his generals were some of the greatest talents in the land, many of his generals were said to be worth 1000 of men. (guan yu, zhang fei, zhao yun, ma chao, huang zhong) but he failed to follow through at crucial moments because how he would be seen by the people. liu bei son a dou or liu chan was a completely useless emperor. he had no military experience due to him inheriting the empire during the three kingdoms deadlock( a time when wei, wu, and shy were already formed) so at the time no kingdoms risked massive battles because each kingdom was dug in defense wise. liu chan continues his father mistakes by not completely heeding zhuge liang and not sending the troops and supplies to him and jiang wei. he wasted his empires wealth on nonsense( parties, temples, clothes, his wives) etc.


well, you look at the wikipedia article for social sciences, then copy every linked word that ends in - ology.


what ezz yeur problaim ?


a pibble is the only way to stop a criminal with a pibble


when even getting a good education qualifies as "white supremacy".


and the top comment wants to give nukes to iran.  un-fucking-believable.


this is just scratching the surface.


i really like:      >on an unrelated note, you'd destroy your liver with an overdose of vitamin a      you know, just an ancillary point.


well considering you're here....


the only thing more pathetic than this post is how you think people actually actually care.      outlines:      1. *this post* - [outline]([URL]      ^(*i am a bot for posting outline.com links.*) [^(*github*)]([URL] ^/ [^(*contact for info or issues*)](/message/compose?to=\/[USER])


>it's called dragons fucking cars, what the hell did you expect        *and the defense rests, your honour.*


don't pretend you know what it's like to be a woman.      >pretends to know what it's like to be a man


one question. wtf is mmiw?


**f**


my judgement is  until there's more


preach


thought the first one said nerfs and i was gonna be like what the shit what happened to nerf or nothing


that's funny, considering how appalled by slavery everyone is.  but slavery in rome?  that's fine.  slavery in the usa?  reee!


it doesn't matter. friends only keep the ones that benefit them. it seems better than 'bitches,' until you realize that everyone is using you. is that dark enough for this sub?


i just want to communicate in videogames.


yeah that was hard to read. maybe op is blind or something


>the good thing is that there will always be someone who takes it way to serious and will flip out one someone with a different opinion. it is a source of great drama.       is that not the same problem they're bringing over here?


um no, i'm black and i fuck with anybody who isn't crazy like you


just don't get high my man, plenty of other ways to focus and relax


you're mistaken. he speaks of the mole-americans who live deep in the subterranean depths of the earth. they are the center of the world, but few know of them


kind of agree. i'm lesbian and i find some men still attractive but i don't want to be with them


i think it's a little too perfect to be real.


neither  i am...


>still will not allow you to boast about your desire to shoot the law enforcement officials who enforce the rules and order of the legislature.      sure it would.  that's protected speech.


yeah but after you skin it it needs to be dried and stretched and treated and shit. i don't have the stuff for that


[URL]


fuck r/sino


\[removed\]


you're free now. stop complaining.


hasn't it been for a while?


yea i agree too, i read through naruto a while back and the insane jump in power during the second half of naruto was insane, especially the ninja war arc, seeing naruto make hundreds of clones and then power people up by insane amounts reminded me of how much of a mary sue naruto is, not only was he born with insane power, hes also beloved by everyone and is basically a god by the end of the series. tbh a better martial arts graphic novel is god of highschool.


where is "argbanistan"?


blissfully slips.    i'd like to see that on camera.       why all caps?


rimworld - we are going to hell for this


oh god, imagine the mogai   don't misgender me i'm sorbetgender not icecreamgender


damn bro


is that what americans actually believe?


can anyone legitimately explain how does "pirating doesn't affect anyone's sales, that's a myth" coincide with "i'm going to pirate this game, that's called voting with my wallet and they'll see what a mistake they've made". doesn't that directly contradict their argument??


being part of the zeitgeist metagame conversations is something some people care about. also spoilers are a thing and the longer you wait the harder it is to avoid learning that snape kills dumbledoor with rosebud.


i thought it had something to do with whale and dolphin being the pilots of the plane that dropped the nukes on japan. or was that a different episode?       spez: wait it was a different episode


almos' when blokes from o'er there got somin to say to about our politics.  it is annoying both ways.


stop broadcasting your disgusting injury to the general public you fucking damaged piece of human garbage! how dare you disrespect us perfect, flawless human beings like this!


i warn you, it's as big as the first 6 hp books put together.


what's an avenger?


times like this i wish we had pinging. what a lad


except all of russians muslims are all concentrated in specific areas of russia.


based shlop posting


there are white people in detroit?


> in which case isn't that an indication that the democrats have failed to do right by them?      that's a matter of perspective.      the democrats are doing exactly what they want to do to the blacks.      give them money for clothes for school.


he 100% cares if it's backwards. he had to have a talk with me about it and even showed me how he wanted it on


how do you tactfully describe slavery wtf does that even mean


we euz kweens and shiett


thanks. i get it. i've had my own battles with mental health stuff, especially anxiety. i guess everyone is different. i always jumped at the chance to talk to someone who had gone through something similar. but i can totally see how responding could be overwhelming for some people who are struggling.


and he's not even right. a single word statement can still technically be a sentence as long as it has subject and predicate, and words can be both because the english language is a fucking mess.


that's one possible interpretation you could take. you could also argue that doing so would be even worse than dying of natural causes, thus it would make sense to never procreate but also not make sense for some sort of universal drinking of the kool-aid to occur.


hello there, bipolar person here.      who says mental illnesses can't be both?


     [what does his n stands for?]([URL]


yeah cause londoner are really going to go for cow tripe, chicken feet, and stinky tofu.      shit i've found it's hard to even find a decent chinese restaurant with decent szechuan cuisine or ma po tofu.


smollett fraud


>preemptive self-defense      i too enjoy their embrace of the bush doctrine.


yeah, the problem is that he's using a single large company's balance sheet to draw that conclusion.       1. concessions have a higher profit margin (from a purchase v sales perspective) but a lower volume wrt total revenue.      2. ticket sales have a lower profit margin (from a purchase v sales perspective) but a much higher volume wrt total revenue      the problem is so many other factors are not accounted for, not the least of which a large theater chain having a lot to gain from inflating profits from ticket sales. plus overhead, labor, and the fact that not every movie theater in 2019 is amc in 2009.


so... am i not authorized to enter chinatown?


according to this study by mit. yes we can meme      [URL]      it's funny they said we can't meme yet their memes are just "no u" version of ours.


and that's a good thing.


militaries and corporations.  what's left government bureaucracy?


pass this one onto r/tumblr


whatsapp forwards


it's quite wonderful, innit?       > wait.... i think this is an april fools, the 'proof' that was provided showed nothing lol i think menslib just got tricked :d the french 'proof' pic is just him with a painted on hat i think the menslib lot are taking this seriously.         meanwhile in the menslib thread.         >> mr peterson! i keep trying to hide from mommy when she tells me to clean my room, but i'm   and the clap of my asscheeks keeps alerting her! what diet should i use to lose weight and attain proper stealth?      very serious discussion indeed.


no, i like binging the big bang theory instead. bazoople!


its this.      fortnite is the current "annoying little brother" game.       just like halo, cod, wow, lol, etc  before it.      in 5-10 years the kids will grow up and you'll see the /r/gaming posts jerking it to fortnite nostalgia just like they do to ps2 era games now.


how surprising you ignoring your own pattern of behavior on the sub.      then running to a few brigade subs.      realy does clear up that you never had of good intentions.


pizza  casts his bait and hooks an entire school of boomer fish


candlelight = prison cell


i had hoped that someone would walk away with that flair


he dead. no doubt about it.


flawless logic


it's literally the same thing with the witcher, where the whole series is very clearly is political, yet people treat it like it's their shining example of a game without politics in it.


no.


> i love reminding the salty far right trolls here that their midwestern hometowns are literal shitholes.      this attitude is so fucking exhausting. i know 'coastal liberal elitism' is a bit of a meme but this pattern of boasting about the abstracted 'economic value' of exclusive cities while dismissing the network of agriculture, manufacturing, and distribution that allows them to thrive is pretty close to colonial.


it's a factory, it's most likely something someone rigged up to make their job easier but they aren't going to admit to doing it as it's probably against regulations.


teach me your debate skills, i've never seen a performance this impressive


one of them touched my peepee, smiled and talked to other. i think second one was a student of medicine. they just new i was a neckbeard virgin and got sick cause of bad hygiene. had to apply some creme for 3 weeks.           shame and anxiety was so big i'll remember it to the death.


18 for anyone 20 or older. for anyone under 20, then the age of consent is your age minus 18 months.      it's not perfect, but if you want someone to draw a line, that could be one.


great post man, think you might have swayed me on that


this is what us version of liberalism can do to a developing country that has many other things to worry about.


lawyer with twitter checkmark criticises jewish newspaper ... fox news internal hijab drama


because the math doesn't work right when you start from 0, i assume.


the wagies working those soul crushing jobs would probably appreciate it, if only because it breaks up the routine and gives them something to gossip about.


hhhhhhhhhhhh


i doubt ca had any chance


sos rajdeep sewerdesai!


they actually divided it up into different protectorates, that's why the figure is smaller. otherwise, burma, sri lanka, south india, north-east india weren't part of mauryan empire, but were british india.


it's super sad. i got banned for writing a similar comment to this in the sub. didn't even care. it's become a total pro-censorship shithole.


hey blue_basilisk! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * there is not enough drama to merit an srd submission.        please wait and see if things develop further, or look for a subthread with more drama. make sure you're linking with the proper context.      events such as "x sub was hacked" or "y sub was made private" are not drama in and of themselves - do not just link to a subreddit that was taken over. if there are dramatic happenings around the takeover, please make a self post and include links to drama that users can read.            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


pretty sure it's against sub rules to post it, friend.


more like millions. and his work is still making impact.


awwwww, life in a first world country must be so very difficult. peak low iq.


lol good thing he isn't real


that sums up a lot of arguments on the internet, really


how are these things related??


and howard zinn.


both parties crashed their cars and died


need youtube mirror


every post you make makes the sub a better place. thanks for being you.


if you sold furnitures that you think were infected with bed bugs, that sounds like a pretty bad idea.


>  is a stupid term      but itta makes-a such-a tasty sound bite      egh, they did go to companies, you are correct, but at the same time rich individuals still got beeg bonuses (i guess that's what they meant by 'trickle down' economics) when they ran their companies into the shitter and like 1 guy went to jail after the last crash.     


the faq


what do you mean out of necessity?


fuck off isn't a question


yeah, they're definitely cheaper in the long run, too. i didn't intend to suggest that one *couldn't* find them at all anymore, just that they aren't the preferred choice for most people.      i wish they were more popular, though. the waste from disposables is awful.


i'm *fairly* certain that the automated message only applies if you've participated there before the ban.


wow it seems like you have never interested with another person      *he types between drafting cringey pickup lines to use on tinder.*


technology is not an engineering!


i use flareon because he's a little cutie.


i don't want to get into rimming, but how will i get a boyfriend?


[this is the one comment that matters, and it's buried deep.]([URL]


all hookup subs on reddit are pointless sausage fests, imagine that.


he tried to make the arson appear it was politically motivated, but it was not, chaney said.     except it *was* politically motivated, just in a different direction than the arsonist intended it to be perceived.


steel plate.


oh really? how many animals were euthanized on steve irwin's show? thought so. not even close.


hehehehehe


t_d's button is "deport" with css so if the admins disabled the css then it's possible the button was hidden.


i bet you get super upset about little autistic frog memes too.


tumblr once again ignores lighting bc white peopl bad


it's the hypocrisy/lack of empathy here that really gets me. she mentions being extremely uncomfortable around the large, boisterous 20-somethings staying in her neighbor's apartment (completely understandable given her trauma), but can't see why her elderly neighbors similarly aren't comfortable with a large dog running around in the hallways of their apartment complex off-leash.      even if op is willing to stake her reputation on the temperament of her pet, the _threat_ of a large dog wandering around that might without notice jump at/play rough with you in ways that are acceptable with 19-year olds but not with geriatrics is a detriment to her neighbor's quality of life. my uncle had a beautiful black lab when i was younger, sweet as could be, but we couldn't let him off-leash around my grandma because his idea of affection (leaning against yo[USER] your knee for treats) were enough to knock her off balance/bruise her skin.      sorry for the rant but esas are a real hot-button issue for me, especially dogs. there are countless people out there who benefit immensely from having a fuzzy bundle of unconditional affection in their lives, and for some that's literally all they need to get themselves together and better their lives. however, just because your dog is classified as an esa _does not relieve you of the basic duties of being a dog owner_. that dog is not a functional member of society; it cannot feed, house or otherwise provide for itself. by bringing that animal into your life you are making a promise to it that you will provide it with all of the food, shelter, exercise, socialization, and whatever else it needs to be the best emotional support animal it can be. for a lot of people with self-worth/anxiety issues this isn't a problem; caring for your dog is a great way to build constructive habits that can lead to the confidence to tackling your own problems.       if you are unable to provide this (which is _fine_ and quite possibly is no fault of your own), you need to seriously evaluate whether bringing an esa into your home is going to help lift yourself up, or just drag your new friend down to your level.      **edit:** wanted to clarify something because i went from "unconditional love" to "social contract" in the same paragraph: if you adopt a dog and do the _bare minimum_ to keep it alive, that thing's gonna love the shit out of you. doesn't matter if it's overweight, sick, or whatever, that poor fuzzball doesn't know any better. if you are not doing these things as a dog owner it is my opinion that you are taking advantage of the poor animal that has placed its trust in you.


says the spaghetti squash posting in /r/drama on a saturday night.


tired


despite the negative press, covfefe


i mean i seen art where the bunch line is literally two people being gay.


hey thereasonablecamel! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * surplus popcorn.      due to a lot of stale politicized drama crowding out niche posts and dominating the front page, certain categories of drama face greater scrutiny and greater rates of removal.     your post fell into one of these categories and was not exceptional enough to be approved. see [here]([URL] for more information.       surplus drama categories include:      * racism drama   * gender wars   * social justice drama   * gun drama   * partisan pissmatches            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


theyd be like ayo wtf yall dumb as shieeet. we shoulda been subjects of the crown. democracy was a mistake


a pregnancy is very dangerous, and giving birth is one of the more risky operation someone can get. specially in the us without universal healthcare. why a women have to risk her life for something she doesn't want? +10


i like this post because it will actually introduce people to the crazy story that a presidential candidate's campaign manager took part in an occult ritual.


keep trying, there's hope. maybe stick with one at a time.       i personally am very conscious of my mortality, i understand that i will die - sooner, later, usually far more suddenly than you'd expect. i don't drive because of near death experiences driving, i'm cautious of stairs because those motherfuckers are out to get you, i've had life threatening illnesses, people close to me who have died etc.       i'm very aware of my coming end, and yet find peace with it and live my life regardless. others do as well. you're not alone in recognizing mortality, why do you think it's impossible to find peace with it?


megan, that wasn't the doggystyle i was talking about.


> again, only an analogy.      a bad one imo. you can"t relive good memories or good time with your ex, while you can still watch the exact same first sw trilogy whenever you want. it's not just memories.


smallu will be the next great player, mark my words!


hardkaur is going to have a very hard time in the upcoming months


tell me more about this white privilege i'm supposed to have.


i don't understand what part of my comment is supposed to be a straw man?


i can't work out if they just became a victim of astronomical growth, or if they decided to police speech to the extreme such that they became overwhelmed. they used to actually harass brigadeers and now they cant it seems.


> most of the funny comes from the right nowadays.      [URL]


would it be silly to have a dedicated deck shuffling person?


>conan      as long as you ignore the whole "haiti is a shithole" thing


it's been pretty common for the alt right (and incels i guess too since i would imagine there's not a ton of liberal incels) to be called nazis, nothing new here.


>they have some bangers on it      sausages?


wow, some people are truly stupid. they're disgusting for making those comments. i'm sorry all that happened to you.       i was abused as a child as well, and i'd like to add to your point that not enough people believe women can be rapists.       as a little girl i was always told to be wary of men, i didn't realize i could be a target for women as well.


fuck


anon loves his mom.


ah yes pride


there is more yelling by the op in other comments, but this was just one example of him being angry for no reason.


pretty sure most people don't go around saying "female" a lot aside from highly specific circumstances. pretty sure woman/women is more commonly used, though i think most will just call someone by their name. you should try that.              so literally a non issue that doesn't exist.


i get that but like write it in your journal or tell it into your pillow if you want to get it off your chest. releasing it on reddit, is not really like yelling in to a void. it's like yelling into a football stadium filled with drunk weirdos.


maybe they didn't even get to read it, or their crippling depression got the best out of them... i think it's best to try to not take it personally. one never knows what is truly going on with person on the other side of the screen.


if it was done 20 years ago it wouldn't be viable but it's not like the media has been doing anything different in the last three years, if it was conducted again the number might be even smaller. just look at the smollett thing that just happened. the media has been doing even worse now.


true, my friends white mom has these


either accept the reality or change it.      **i propose that once upon a time reddits subreddits were about discussing a subject.**      so /r/food would be about discussing food. /r/news about discussing news.   the same way even the political and other more divisive subreddits were about the subject itself.      even if /r/socialism was run by a socialist and /r/capitalism by a capitalist the purpose was not to create a community of socialists or capitalists but discuss the subjects, events and happenings concerning them.      today almost no sub is about about discussing it **but being part of it, being supportive of it, being loyal to it.**   (exceptions for like "true, or truetrue subs).      this is why td bans even supporters of **donald trump** when critically analyzing the presidents actions in say his ever more hawkish appointments.       or why various socialist subs ban outright **socialist members** for lifting the issue in venezuela from a critical point of view.      or even why the mods in /r/food will ban you for criticizing someones food, or notion of food or beauty or taste of food.       the concept of what a sub is about has changed. or rather what a sub is *for*. subreddits are no longer divisions of topics but divided communities.       i remember on one of my older accounts one of my first banishments was in a subreddit for something literally called "/r/soylent" (from the movie soylent green) and rebranded as something positive. i was absolutely downvoted and then banished after a prolonged discussion (with little give and take) and i've seen this mannerism now spread to all sectors of reddit.       we either need to change this very fundamental of perception in ourselves or we must accept that even completely benign and neutral subreddits like say /r/news or your local subreddit will be taken over by a particular group and that group will congregate around their definition of the subject and then proceed to isolate voices that do not adhere to that as it progresses to define itself, whether openly or subconsciously.          we must rethink what we use reddit for or concede that this is the future.               ____         a way to stop this would be to change a fundamental concept of reddit. to forbid subreddits from having selective enforcing based on any stance on any one issue.       so you could talk as much shit about socialism as you wanted in a socialist sub as you could talk shit about capitalism in a capitalist sub as long as you followed the rest of the subs rules.       i honestly think that it's either this or we might as well shut up about it, because organic change might not come about as all the subs are now protecting themselves against brigading and "concern trolling" and other such things the same way an arms race in real life functions. so either make them all bend the knee or the struggle is pointless. but at least we can come to a common understanding of why it is happening, hence this thread. this way we can also stop acting out as victims of a particular ideology, religion, sex, location, interest or what ever when we get banned.  we are victims of one side of reddit, nothing else, sadly.


oh ok, black maybe?


yea but i don't get how not eating too much junk food is suppose to be a dis or something. unless you're talking in the context of a food eating competition or someting.


i for one welcome this schism in the democrat party and hope they do everything they can to exacerbate it.


i guess you're in the last category.


/r/tinder. where every dumbass is the next richard pryor.          "knock knock!"      "who's there?"      "suck my cock"      *gets no reply*      "why don't females respect my comedic genius?!"


you don't even get the scam right.  the scam was that trump and the republicans did away with tax breaks that were a direct benefit to well-off blue state residents ***after*** cutting taxes across the board.  that way their red state supporters see the benefit of the tax cut, but blue state residents start getting pissed because they can no longer deduct the ridiculously high state taxes they pay.  that leads to happy red state supporters that show up at the polls for the gop in the next election.  that also leads to a lot of people in blue states asking why their taxes are so much higher than the taxes in the neighboring red states, which does not play out well for democrats.      the real fun is going to start when trump does the 2.0 version of this tax "reform" and starts sending illegals to sanctuary cities/states.  the red state people will cheer, the blue state people who advocated for unchecked immigration will turn on their representatives as soon as their nimby senses activate.


okay


please, tell us more about your moral crusade


i knew it was correlated but causation makes sense too. thank you!


wait, they're targeting lesbian mecca? more progressive homophobia smdh


she never heard of russell's teapot analogy.                oh, damn, it's a white man's analogy. (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻)


just remember, this wonderful cross section of society will turn and fucking run for the hills if their sweet recuse mauls you, a family member, or kills your dog. the term 'pit n' run' exists for a reason.


my friend spends all her time with her gf and we barely talk anymore


can't afford to not look "woke" a bombed movie is better than appearing to not be a part of the hivemind. at least then you can use that to get another movie/publicity by saying " it wasnt that my movie was shit or that i was a cunt to my viewing audience, it's those damn incels".


no shit.


take anti-semitic conspiracy theories about the jews ruling everything, replace "jews" with "men" and you've got patriarchy.


the hell you say!


at first i read abusers as aspergers, and as someone with the disorder, i felt weird reading that.


> i run a fear team constantly      well that makes sense as to why you would pin this comment


>eg, when it snows, then two-three days later it's in the 80s.      most of the midwest in the winter basically.


i got muted by the subreddit r/gallowboob after trying to enter. simply because i didn't worship gallowboob.


i would say it's been going on for a long time, and, the worst part is, the minority communities are not wrong about the way cpd treats them. it's almost every month now some new lurid story comes out where you're shaking your head and going "who thought that was okay?'


amen.


that's every state sub, especially the more rural states.


it's ok... they don't either


me towo thanks


>locate and harass gun owners            no way that could backfire.


what would political parties matter to christ *the king*?


yeah, that last load was the one that made it time to retire her. not the one before, no, that'd be a waste.


at least it's an old fashioned workplace shooting by a former employee.      it's good to get back to the classics after a while.


check memo line: for a crime, yo!


what about "strong female character"? it rolls off the tongue better than 'strong woman character". most of the time i'd use female is when it just sounds better than using woman or women.


i saw an even better one last night somewhere where they took fucking butter knives from some poor soul and booked him


damn that means everyone here in expensive as shit nyc is a child


understandable, and i agree. i'm just stating why nuance is needed.


conservatives actually know how stuff works and would never fall for a story like that.


excessive race baiting. removed.


i spelled it right... you've got to give me props for that.


exactly where i got that from


also applies with geodudes


but election commission of india was made in 1950


in both speech and action


also 2 previous armed robbery convictions. sounds like a great guy.


see, so far you guys are being supportive of this. i think she may be reading your comments, so thanks for all your thoughtful responses!


sub dekho, fir flair. buri nazar wale tera kalmuah


yep.


commenting isn't even against the rules.  brigading is specifically defined as voting, commenting is and always has been fine.


the dumbest hill to die on tbf.


at point of writing my post karma is exactly 786.      incelallah gezwa e hand houky rahygay


this is why verizon couldn't make money off of tumblr.       the faster it shuts down the better. a gaggle of self-righteous assholes.


who


the hardest choices require the strongest wills


the majority of the jaish leaders formed their own terror fronts to attack pak army and pak as retaliation for helping us fight taliban in afghan. aisee nahi freak out hone lage.       in 02/03 jaish killed us journalist or citizen hence us pressure.


sir, myself coming from village area.


become an alcoholic or drug addict


and as a nation, we failed miserably.


yeah i hate how smogon is the be all end all of competitive battling, but they do so much for the community its hard to call them out.


because romantization of history, humans like to have a villain and a hero to root against or for, so they put you wei as the villain faction, shu as the good guys and wu being wu.


curious, why would having a single-payer system prevent others from being able to negotiate on the terms of their own health care?      for example, say the government/medicare negotiates with their providers, and hands you a bill saying your treatment costs $1,000. you say, "no thanks", and negotiate with another provider, who gives you a bill of $500, and you choose to pursue that treatment.      i'm assuming that there would be multiple "healthcare providers", i.e., those who procure actual healthcare products and services, not insurance companies (who i assume would be eliminated by medicare-for-all). otherwise, the government would have to nationalize all of these providers if they wanted there to be no other choice.


smollet should be in jail, but i don't see how the city could win this lawsuit.  on paper, he was charged for something, and the charges were dropped. i cant see how it would be legal for the city to charge back investigation costs for investigating a crime, which the legal system has deemed him "innocent" of, or at least innocent enough to not charge.


well shit


the meems are literally writing themselves:      broke: america is a liberal democracy       woke: under trump america has become a fascist dictatorship       bespoke: america has always been a fascist dictatorship       ------      i didn't write any of the stuff above, the words have literally typed themselves!


i've never heard of "spastic" or "spaz" being considered offensive, that's a "no" from the midwest at least.


part of the problem is that people won't work with the police. the other part of the problem is that many of those people have a reason to not trust working with the police.


i'm sure her pussy juice is sweeter than any nectar described in mythology books.       to pretend there's anything more to it is pretty offensive.


i respect the hell out of this approach.


nope sorry if your ok with others getting taken off i am ok with you getting taken off. stop defending these people because they would laugh and cheer if you were taken off. stop acting like this is a movie were your "principles" are relevent. were dealing with people who have weaponized the entire concept of victimhood.


ready player one, the first book written to be empty.


i agree with you. it's not like this shit is uncommon. 1/4 pregnancies end up miscarrying. it's hugely common, super emotionally devastating.       the joke is insanely old, tired, played out and unoriginal.      every year people bring up not making this joke (seems like for the past decade at least.) and every year there's some asshole who says "uhh what? it's just a joke. hurr durr snowflakes."      tired of it.


2019 has been a living hell for me.


worst baby names


i would be very surprised if the user base of cth is less then 80% high school kids. lsc as well.


most at voat seem to hate that stuff.


she's technically on "nothing but beef with vodka chasers." i read two different articles on her and she drinks 'clear spirits', too.


out out out!


yeah, they edited the opening paragraph... but they only added stuff that adds to what was already said to make it look longer.


a girl has a point.


they are stupid degenerates who have been coddled by mommy their whole lives.  they live their lives behind a keyboard.  it really is pathetic.


use the "share" button.


yes, but the vast majority of people do not in fact want to die in a nuclear holocaust, so how can you justify killing them.


for our lungibros who cannot read devnagri and don't understand hinthi.


the irony is, they only say that as part of an emotional appeal, which isn't 'common sense'.


is this gonna be like the gamer gate svu episode.


this is one of the weaknesses with the tumblrites, if it really goes down to it.      if you're trying to create a better new world, wouldn't the people saying "we're bitter about society, and if you promise us sex in return we will do literally anything you say" be the perfect people to ally with?       why would you want to push the "these people are angry enough to kill, and they're simple-minded enough they'll do anything we ask if we promise them they'll get their pee pee wet in exchange" to the oppressors when you can use them to fight the oppressors?


the mandate of heaven was interesting. unlike the divine right to rule of the kings of europe, it had an exit clause of sorts - if the emperor was unfit, then the gods would revoke the mandate (often seen in lots of natural disasters happening), and there was then not just a need but a moral obligation to overthrow him.


body issues


govermentbackedphrenologysqads


steel plates nahi milti yahan pe bhai, so we have to make do with chinaware.      steel thali badi hoti hai so sab cheeze ek hi thali me as jaati hai.


fuck small business owners. they all get the wall. [+511, /r/communism]


i had a chemistry test coming up. i didn't do so well on the first one. now is my chance to prove i can do well. i study for a week straight. 4+ hours every day. and i get a 65%. in the car, my dad asks about it. i say i got a 65, which was better than last time, and not an f but a d, and i got my last exam score (55%) replaced with this one. dad asks what i have in thr class, and i say 75%.      mom says "you might want to rethink being a chem major if you can't do community college level chemistry." i'm 17, in high school, and i'm going to a local community college through a program my school offers. she has already brought it up before, and i was really doubting myself. i just say "haha yeah.." because i don't really know what else to say. its been hard motivating myself and finding a goal i want to achieve, but being a biochem major and getting my bachelors degree in science is the one goal i've made for myself. its what i've been working with in mind for the last 2 years at this college. i almost have my associates. and now my mom is telling me i can't achieve my goal.       my dad says "no no she can do it, it will take a little work, but she can do it. everything takes work." i don't say anything because i don't want my mom to keep going on about it. last time she talked about this, i was in the car by myself with her, so i just had to sit and listen to her tell me i'm not good at chemistry, wasn't in high school, isn't now, and why do i want to be a chem major when i'm bad at chemistry. but i felt better about having my dad in the car because he usually says something when my mom goes too far with something.       she always used to ask me why i don't have any goals in life, why i don't care. because whenever i have something i love doing or something i want to work towards, you always walk all over me and make me question whether or not i can do it, whether or not i can do anything.          when i was applying to universities, she said i could apply anywhere, that now was my time to start becoming more mature. she always goes on about how college is my time, my time to do what i want, be who i want to be, and how i can go anywhere.       i said i wanted to apply to uw seattle.       yes, perfect!       i guess i can apply to uw tacoma too. no, you are not applying there!       why not, it has a small school size which is what i want, it's still university of washington thats the one school i have always dreamed of going to every since i was a kid.       because, you are not applying there!!!      i want to apply to both uw's with dorms i've always wanted to go there, xxx (my boyfriend) is going there too!       you know you're not going to be with him when you're in college right, you're not going to be together very long, you know you're not getting married, right? you're going to meet so many new people in college, you think he's not going to meet any new people while he's in college? he's probably met people already (he's a college freshman this year).      she always asks if i have crushes on any of my male friends. asks if i feel anything for them. if there's something between us. i don't understand why. she's not joking. she's being completely serious. it just makes me uncomfortable. and always makes comments about my boyfriend finding someone else to be with at work or at college.      as i was showing her my prom dress, she said,      maybe you'll get to wear it in college, some guy might invite you out to a fancy event!      i'm going to prom with my boyfriend and i have never been more exited to go to a school event. i've never gone to school dances, events, anything. but my boyfriend wanted to share a special day with me, and that's what my mom had to say about it.       i wish she could recognize that i'm happy with him, and even though i know it may not last forever, i can hope it will and appreciate the present. just because you wanted to date a lot in high school and college, doesn't mean i do.       i just needed to vent


i mean you're the one going into a random srd thread to passive-aggressively bitch about the fact that that you were linked here. hell i didn't even think the energy drink thread was that great but this is next level petty shit.


she went to war with frog memes on the day she passed out and had to get hauled unceremoniously into a van so the frog war was a deflection


is this an elaborate trolling attempt/alt accounts?


...therefore i will steal it? every argument for piracy ends with "therefore i will steal it" because it is just that. just buy it on steam after the exclusivity ends. not saying it doesn't suck but this is not exactly a life or death purchase.


just like twitter though already a shithole being infected with tumblr rejects.


r/wooosh? i'm not sure if it's satire or not.


killing and skinning i can understand if necessary. but playing dress-up with a dead animal seems kind of disrespectful.


that's actually a good point. perhaps i should reconsider my stance.


is it nsfw too tho?


/r/latestagecapitalism is pretty egregious.


\*is straight\*      \*opens sketchbook\*      \*admires graphite drawing of zero-two^(1)\*      hmm...             ^(1) the kirby boss, not the waifu


quirky pick up line as if it was served hot from askreddit,equally quirky break up line as if it was served hot from askreddit, girl, math.      this checks so many checkboxes, that it seems faked for the karma.


i once heard of a surgeon saying that orthopedic surgeons aren't real surgeons because they "only work on bones". never doubt how petty some people can't get.


lost redditor handles being lost in the worst way


only black people can use the term crackhead


if you're in a drive through you are an asshole if you order food for 10 fucking people


the war on humor continues.


no


at this point, this is just getting depressing. i honest to god worry for them, if and when, donald trump wins in 2020.


/r/pics user decides to play cancer doctor and repeatedly tell op how his just finished chemo mom really isn't "cured".


clip the wings


[archive is your friend.]([URL]


what a fucking shit post


i don't have any awesome advice but i just hope you are okay, you deserve to feel okay. if we were in pwrson i would hug you for a long time. congrats on being smart too i know lots of people that aren't *derps*


imagine only ever being able to care about one thing.


that woman had a family


> i see [piracy] as a form of civil disobedience in cases where players are being fucked over.       how brave, standing against the injustice of partnering with the wrong distributor.


[the patriarchy.]([URL] haven't you heard?


>why do so many of you americans ~~come on /r/europe and~~ talk about trump on threads that are unrelated to him?      #


and if you use this font on your phone, you are literally satan


quint,scroll,the wire broke out from ndtv after ndtv took some damage by regularly targeting the pm.      the basis of their work is exact copy of how leftist media works in us.      quint wrote an article about women protesting "gun violence" in us.why ? don't we have enough problems already ?      they also covered women's march done in mumbai about "trump is not my president".      why would an indian care about trump being us' president?      all these days they have used rafale's non existent scam to accused every institution to be under pm's control and also questioned integrity of cji and cag.   they say what raga says.   this government has it's fare share of problems but this alt-left media wants india to become west.      i won't want to see indians having a pro-life and pro-choice march because we don't have such a problem.   i can go on and on.they have only done bullshit in the name of freedom of expression.too much leeway man,too much exploitation of indian sentiments.     


[redacted]


i hate it. i really do.      no, i don't hate sex itself, but i can't go anywhere without hearing about it.      it's been so driven into us by our basic biology and our modern society that 'sex is the means to happiness', that i feel we've moved back on ourselves.      we've turned sex into a commodity, with the 'haves' and 'have nots'. it breeds jealousy and hatred, hence the incel community.      the attitude about not having it is hypocritical too. people will go out and say: "there's nothing wrong with being a virgin!" and then turn around and go "wow this guy isn't getting laid lol."       shit like this is why people feel pressured to go out and fuck just because they feel like they have to in order to be 'living'.      you would think, that as a whole, with as advanced as a society we've become, we would put our more primal desires behind us and put our efforts into other things, but no. we focus on sex sex sex.       in school, sport, reddit, tv, movies, sex is almost always a topic, maybe thinly veiled as 'romance', maybe not.      i get why this happens, but i'm sick of it, and it'll never change.


cao cao was probably the smartest of the bunch historically of the main characters in rotk. his fictional legacy is incredibly villainous for some odd reason though...


undivided india is not a hindu only idea i think. several religions and factions had it. akbar had kabul till dhaka but not south india i guess. the british until not too long ago had much of these territories under control. sure chandragupta maurya's dynasty was bigger than both, but it wasn't a hindu only nation even then. many religions thrived under his rule. i mean you don't necessarily have to be a hindu to imagine ruling land with a culture similar to yours.


no he's really not


k      i am a bot. [contact for questions]([URL]


why is that? why do girls tend to watch gay porn, but guys lesbian porn, if they're watching homosexual porn?


lol imagine thinking cuz she's a woman, people hate her. there's valid reasons to not like jolyne, but she's badass and i can't wait to see her animated.


seriously though, what the hell am i supposed to tweet in regards to trans suicides? unless i know someone who went through that in my life what am i going to say?


[no one who speaks german can be an evil man!]([URL]


this needs to be outlawed. this is why we live in a rapesociety


the issue is that they followed me around reddit and the block feature doesn't stop them from seeing my comments or comment on the subs i mod. so to me, the block feature is incomplete as it won't remove them from my life rather it gives them more opportunities to attempt to incite further harassment from others.      i have at least one person contact me that they've pm'd to further assist in the harassment. that user was just confused and i had to explain the situation, but it shows the user will attempt every avenue to get messages to me.


if you think walking your dog at 7am is a superhuman feat that no person can reasonably be expected to do, you're not fit to have a dog. plus it's a fucking lie that your dog is going to get heat stroke from an 8am walk. you don't live in death valley.      so shocking that someone whose parents bought them a condo and gave them a boatload of money at 19 years old is an entitled brat.


i *wish* "people like something too much" was one of my problems.


the biggest issue in this thread is that i can't tell if "like" is supposed to be "like[,]" or "as if".


*\*shaking intensifies\**


honestly, i'm not sure, but i don't have that *impression*...not that my impression is worth all that much.


got suspended from twitter for a response to this tweet


going with salad is just a weird example. why not beans or lentils or whatever? even to vegans salad is just fibre-heavy dressing sponge.


welcome!


i'm impressed. they've studied behavioral psychology, evolutionary psychology, and psychology? that totally sounds real and not made up. you can tell by the way the last one is just psychology, like they study every single aspect of the field at once like some latent nu-modern buddha achieving a self-righteous misogynist zen state of nirvana.       but also can we let that be a new pasta or what?


straight for the jugular.  love it


fuck reddit memes.


lol what? the only times calling the cops on black peoples made headlines were the times racists freaked out and called the cops for them just being there. also nothing about this article has the author calling the police on this worker


male = female. they are against this.        men = women     


what do they think he's gonna do? walk into congress and go, "hey, you know that big ass report we typed up? it was a joke! the real one is right here! trump is guilty!" this is the fuckin government, not the new season of brooklyn 99


what is this 2018? dude probably thinks the earth is flat. bro just learn biology.... i'm halfway through my transanimalization. i most definitely intend to impregnate other sea creatures.


it is a reference to an actual condition called lissencephaly so just be careful where you use it.


i see you haven't met 4chan


if you rape the raccoon corpse it doesnt count as wasting it so you dont have to feel bad


i have these scary dreams that she captures me and she forces me to feel the bern.


still didn't beat wales, tough.


eu4 has them all beat


i missed and murdered them all... not just the indigenous men but the indigenous women and indigenous children too


i almost did a compilation here.  it's truly dumb stuff.  they are talking about protestors who impede operations or people who damage infrastructure.  of course, to the denizens of r/politics, this means tx wants to jail people for "peacefully protesting" and america is finished.


y'all counter = 4


gottem


you like incorrect information?


don't choose to lose weight for anyone but you. make an awesome life for you and yourself and people will simply want to be around you. it all starts with you, positive selfishness.      and those assholes who take pot-shots at you and tell you that you'll never change, better yourself in spite of them, or outright to spite them. one of these days, you'll be so far passed them. you'll know you have when they start talking about how you 'used to be'.       that's when you've won. smile and leave their bitterness in the dust.


probably the same people that decided you could get a b.a. in psychology.  it depends on the university, how they're funded, and where they can fit the department.  my school's pre-med program was part of the agriculture school.


> what does this person think dark humor is?       it's when you feel like shooting someone.


lmao christians don't eat at chick-fil-a more because their ceo supported trad marriage, granted some may go there more now to own the libs, but chick-fil-a's customer service compared to other fast food restaurants in that price range is mind boggling, mcdonalds can only fuck up so many orders and have their ice cream machine down so many times before you just switch completely to chick-fil-a


you don't fear death unless you're alive. and you fear death because life is valuable.       and why not? you've presented no valid rationale as to why we shouldn't have existed. "because you would then die" isn't meaningful. the question is whether the life is meaningful. death is simply the conclusion of life.


sex is everywhere and i hate it.


because she was out of line and manipulated other mods to get some of us banned from the sub all because we called her out on her crazy bs.


no ragrats


i've been wondering the same thing. been having flash backs to european history class. actually got called a boot licker and a class traitor, which i'm sure is deeply insulting in russia circa 1921.


i feel the tribune has really, really fallen off the deep end in the past few years. in fact, i even remember when they used to be considered the conservative newspaper in town.


> the ego on this lady is disgusting and she should not be in a position of power. anyone with that attitude is not fit for any sort of office.       i mean ... yes.      but not because she's resisting a completely insane proposal. because she's spent a career trying to curb stomp our most basic fundamental rights.      that was actually a pretty reasonable response to a bunch of children that have no clue what they're talking about. including the tall ones that seem to have voted.


slapping ass is one thing. eating ass? i don't know about that one, chief.


we need to teach women not to rape. particularly, not to rape children.      the one trait most common in men jailed for sexual crimes against women is that more than 80% of them report being raped or molested by an adult woman as a child.      there is literally not a single more useful thing adult women can do to reduce the amount of sexual violence they suffer at the hands of adult men then stop raping them while they are children.


just because someone is sensitive doesn't make their feelings any more valid than someone who is not sensitive.


it was very clearly bullshit from the moment the story broke.  from day one, it sounded like one of those dumb stories people post for facebook likes, but taken to another level.  you know the type: "after my five year old daughter told off a bigot in the grocery store, everyone clapped, and the store manager gave me $100 to spend on something nice!"


it's over for iowacels, sioux city rise up


literal facebook memes


canceled my netflix account. best way to protest is by not paying them.


the ageplaypenpals mailing list?


has she done it to women? i bet she will also collide with a lot of them.


[how has this been up for five hours with no one posting this image?]([URL]


>if you don't tweet about notre dame then your...uh. ~~frenchphobic~~      they already covered islamaphobic.


is this how radical centrism really looks like?


drama in badhistory when i and another get in a squabble with denizens over "fascism". yikes, this ain't it chief.


you know this person is really whacked when sps is *defending* feinstein of all people because of the comment he made.


lol. my parents. what parents.


yeah the writing sounds like that of an angsty 16 year old who has no idea how employment works.      edit: pretty much anybody over the age of 20 with some common sense would not text a whole ass monologue to their legal opponent.


22k likes. the world is truly full of fucking morons.


i just found out this weekend that dwayne johnson signs his name "rock" in the movie rampage and apparently i was five months too late for that karma


[oc] why is youtube like that? jio effect maybe


i'm sorry to hear that


can you imagine being this obsessed with race? all the time. always.


yes, of the noble 'order of the front hole'


boomers who vote watch


arre ye peritar ne kaha tha. maine sirf dravid nadu secessionist ke liye dala tha


it got some pretty good reviews. finally a total war with a good campaign map again, however it seems the battles did not improve much.      i think total war's next big leap will only come when neural network ais become commercially viable for games. there already are some remarkable projects - openai in dota and google's deepmind ai in starcraft have shown great promise. they can defeat top teams without cheating, and while much of that seems to be due to mechanical advantages (perfect precision and coordination, even though the developers limited their actions per minute and reaction speed) they still behave awfully human in many situations and can be downright creative.


honestly it's not a single party problem, it's a politics overall problem.


**we live in a society**


there is a book called "libido dominandi" i suggest you read it if you want to understand


gotta love the ol' one-eyed fallen angel :d


[URL]      you shouldn't trust "legitimate" stuff either


good luck!


i personally feel they just got so much backlash that they reverted the changes.      they stated that they intended to make the changes permanent


well i guess being a cop is at the same level as raping children now


as a fellow gorillaz fan, i salute you.


mods twitter ki bakwas ban karo , yeh sub retard central banta jaa raha hai


hail hydra


well accounting involves some maths.....


because he's an amateur fisherman and thinks this is great bait


[they've been known to compliment hitler to insult trump.]([URL]


what in the f?


is the girl on the right, the one who got bothered for nudes by chapo?


[USER]


i said it is, and it isn't.      there have been pictures which proved the existence of black holes going back quite a while. and as i noted ... pictures of the plasma jets originating from the accretion disk around black holes ... for example this [article]([URL] has a good one.      and more important than the very impressive pictures are things like [this]([URL] ... the detection of a very rare event indeed, a black hole ejecting a jet as a result of the passage near it by a star. but these discoveries were made in outside the visible spectrum we use, so technically they aren't 'pictures' even though they are pretty much the same thing ... the reception of electromagnetic radiation as a result of a black hole.      i hope that makes sense?


i find suicide prevention so goddamn insulting and condescending.


are to ham ka kre bahinchod? hote he to hone do nervous.


when it takes a break from "protecting" them from escaping, yes.


they add any random hindu names so that they can get away with it


a steady diet of msnbc.


subreddits like /r/chapotraphouse and /r/frenworld are all the evidence a person should need to realize that we need bullying now more than ever.


bartenders can make good money with tips i think.


its high time india should create a cyber army.   although not related to this posts. bs dimag me aya ye chutyapa pdke.


these arguments between mods of /r/menslib and users of /r/mensrights have been going on for literally three days. it's a mishmash of fights about social sciences, dr. jordan b. peterson, and censorship.


if i ever got a girlfriend i would *insist* she stay away from my butt.


i'm in them i just blocked him.


lancelot could knock cao cao off his horse fite me


that's why there are different tiers though. in order to give as many different pokémon as possible a chance to be played.


gamers only care about "ethics" if it directly affects them. epic gives more to devs? meh.. epic launcher is a little bit less convenient? real shit.


comrade


cause all we ever hear about is how great new york bbq is.......


if you tweet about stubbing your toe this morning but not about rising suicide rates in japan, you want to drop another nuke on the japanese.


[URL]


you're the mommy now.


incel!


no it's not. you are copying a product not stealing it.   i know definitions are hard, but come one.      >hahaha, wew fucking lad       i know, cool right?         


a drama thing happened in my ktwd post


on the other hand, they could have had the person pull forward and wait while they filled the order. they make me pull forward just waiting on my goddam fries.


it doesnt feel as cozy to jerk off in a spacious room, especially if it's empty       one of the best solo nuts (sex-haver btw) was flipped upside down in one end of my closet while moving into this new house. try it bro


seriousposting continued, i think there's certainly an increased history of that, but it's a lot more complex and some masochistic submissive littles have no history of abuse.


hasn't he literally done that though?


there's actually nothing wrong with resenting people for legitimate wrongs.


these people might actually be right


if you don't care and keep liking what you like, they have absolutely no control


what does getting their shit pushed in mean in this instance?


the shuffler is fine. our brains focus more on negative outcomes so we notice the time we drew poorly 6 times in a row but forget that we had drawn amazing the past 6 games.      it's only human to feel bad about bad beats but you have to learn to roll with the punches long-term if you want to stick with mtg and mana screw.      there *are* alternatives out there for people who like ccgs and *hate* manascrew.       eternal card game is one i highly suggest. no mana screw/flood and fun as hell. not quite magic, though.


i'm gay and make more gay jokes than all of my friends combined. also, on a side note, what does this person think dark humor is? isn't dark humor inherently morbid or offensive?


what part of the video was wrong though? i mean yeah its not on /tv/ but the threads on /tv/ last night might as well have been on /pol/.      ultimately, disney fucked up by giving ruin johnson complete creative control and wrote themselves into a corner where the only thing they can do is introduce the time travel trope to unfuck the series and allow them room to continue.


haha (shrugs)


there was a woke twitter meme about how "white people" were donating to nd, but flint still didn't have clean water.      except it does. since last year. the npcs just never updated.


i mean, i don't really get *upset* about things on the internet lol, i don't think antisemitic memes are totally harmless but i promise i'm not as triggered as you think i am dude      also it's kinda gross that a serious discussion about terrorism, 6+ incidents of foiled or successful acts of neonazism/white supremacy including a political assassination prompts you to drop a "hahaha triggerd libturd" line. grow up man. some shit actually matters in the world.


a flareon fan! my people!


warmongering propaganda is poorly received in r/pics.


sdc was my favorite part, since jotaro has the best tactics of any jojo, mainly walking close to his opponent and just slaughtering them when he's a meter away. such an effective plan too      but part 2. has joseph beating up nazis in a dress so idk      but then part 4 has david bowie with a hand fetish though


look at his handwriting lmao      my 12 year old niece is more skilled than this guy


i'm a girl though lol


ya got a loicense for that word mate?


for background, i (25m) have been with my current girlfriend (21f) for nearly 2 years, and we have been going pretty well in terms of everything major. we rarely argue, we share very similar mindsets and interests, but the smaller differences are starting to affect me.         i can say that she could be my future wife if she dropped a few habits, but i honestly don't see her doing so. she smokes cigarettes and does a lot of recreational drugs; cannabis, mdma, psychedelics, and has recently been interested in dmt. she has mild depression, diagnosed anxiety, and doesn't have any hobbies. because she doesn't have any hobbies, she is always smoking marijuana daily, and she is always looking for the next opportunity to do mdma(once every few months) and i feel like her life is revolving around recreational drugs, albeit this is not heavy usage, purely to pass time. she is obsessed with having children and more pets, but at times her depression leads to neglect her current pets. she is insistent on having children in the future, but i can easily see the drug habits and depression affecting the well-being of her child and any future pets she wants to adopt. she does not see her drug problem as an issue, and says that she has the will to quit of necessary, but i don't believe her because i have seen how low her depression can pull her down.         as for some background on myself, i'm a quiet introvert with a lot of hobbies, stable job with a mortgage, i occupy my time with various things, like home improvement, computer games and watching netflix. i also have a lot of creative art hobbies that i do from time to time. my view on recreational drugs is quite lax, i am aware that they do have inherent health risks and toxicity but this isn't the sub to discuss that. what i am willing to say is that i also enjoy recreational drugs from time to time, but i'd prefer it to be less frequent, and for it to not be the main focus of an activity.          since being with my girlfriend, my drug usage has increased, and often times we will resort to smoking weed just to pass time. there is also a heavy expectation on me to sort out activities and entertainment for any given weekday, and she will complain loudly if not occupied. this will often default back to smoking more cannabis, which i'm not the greatest fan of.          i have suggested many times for her to adopt a hobby, but she dismisses this and continues to occupy her time with drugs, when i try to push the matter, she will need to smoke cigarettes to alleviate her stress.         i honestly love my girlfriend, and i can see us staying together indefinitely if we stay on a similar path, but her insistence of a child conflicts with her cigarette and drug use. i would have no issues with her lifestyle if she didn't want a child; but as she is so clucky and unwilling to care for herself,  i feel that any child brought into this world will be in danger.         i really don't know how to approach the matter, and i have been thinking about this for the longest time. i can't see her using less drugs, changing her mind about having a child, or picking up hobbies to occupy her time, and this is a major hurdle in our relationship. i can see us being best friends, and her having a child with another person, but i would still worry about the welfare of the kid, and breaking up and remaining mutual friends is always an idealistic situation that rarely works out.         i just wanted this off my chest, i didn't come here for advice, but suggestions or comments about my/her lifestyle will be read. thanks for reading.


linking to a site where we can actually have conversations rather than censorship? banned


salty /r/rareinsults mods admits to reddit admin corruption


i was looking at bra ads in newspaper magazines at 9 so i could get a better idea of what titties looked like, let's be careful not to overstate childhood innocence here.


it's a marsupial      they'll get to that in middle school


this is why we need full auto ars with extended mags. you expect me to fire off the 39 rounds required to subdue the average fentanyl american with some tiny pea shooter.


holy shit, this is one of the fakest things ive ever seen. are redditors that gullible?


you have been all along.


> has there been an increase in people using some variant of "this isn't facebook!" to be...well, assholes      i can kind of understand people getting increasingly hostile to the fb style posts. those types of posts hit critical mass a long time ago. this post was just terrible. if it ties into a post on another subreddit, then it should have been posted there.      people used to point out the sub is for interesting pictures as a complaint and the mods removed "interesting" from the sidebar. when progress pics were overwhelming the sub people started posting selfies with their gym pass when they bought one. then there was a post that hit the top that was just a selfie of an overweight dude that said he was planning to buy a gym membership.       devoid of any context this photos aren't interesting in the least. voters seem to prefer these uninteresting backstory posts while people who actively comment do not. since the mods have made it clear they care more about the voting group than the commenting group, frustration is going to build. being over the line insulting to people posting isn't called for, but i see why it happens.


the only centrist position is being neither zionist nor pro-palestine.


why did my entei stone edge just miss for the third time


it's a long shot.  if trump does another switcheroo with "china talks going well" its easily back above $40.  not listened in on their latest er but i think their plan is to completely move out of china by the q4.  wonder how thats going for them.  good company, just an uphill battle with depressed nand and dram prices +tariff man on the loose.


but what did they mean by that? what is pokemon trying to tell me?? i'm so confused.


downloadable links:      * [**video with sound**]([URL]      * [**soundless video**]([URL]      * [**audio only**]([URL]      use your mobile browser if your app has problems opening my links.      ***      ^i'm a bot *bleep* *bloop* | [**contact developer**]([URL] | [**info**]([URL] | [**donate**]([URL]


the difference is that those teachers get caught and prosecuted.  the catholic church was protecting the abusers in their ranks.


you didn't get banned for calling me out.  you got banned for using vulgar language to do so.  take responsibility for your own choices.  have a wonderful day.


there are a couple of problems here.      firstly - while it's the first 'picture of a black hole', it's not. i've seen numerous images in the past which explored gravitational lensing, and the plasma jets associated with black holes. i'm not minimising the achievement here, but as always the mainstream press are singularly clueless and screw up any story about science.      secondly - there were indeed a number of stories and narratives that singled out katie bouman and pushed her part in the story out of context and out of proportion. let us note that all of the media who did this are also  media who have been labelled regressive and biased.       from the washington post: *meet katie bouman, the young woman behind the first image of a black hole*      from cnet: *meet katie bouman, the woman who transformed our view of black holes forever*      the bbc: *katie bouman: the woman behind the first black hole image*      cnn: *that's where bouman's algorithm — along with several others — came in*      having pushed their distorted narrative they then left katie to be the one to suffer the kickback for it.      now let us note the following. i think this image is a major step forward and was very excited about it. not as excited as i was when cern had their announcement about the higgs boson, but excited just the same.      furthermore i think everyone involved, including katie bouman and the subteam she lead, should be extremely proud and deservedly so.      and i think that any harassment that katie bouman may be receiving is bullshit. and it's very clear that the mainstream media are to blame for creating the situation.


my favorite part is they posted in /r/politics asking republicans as if that sub isn't just an echo chamber that pushed out all right leaning members


not even comprehensive ones. /r/marvelstudiosspoilers kicked their ass


being treated as property is not treating them better than men.


how can you be so hatefull and trade with other cultures! something something racist something evil white men.


the hatred towards white people is exhausting on twitter. saw some shit today about how white people are so stupid bc spam is a trending ingredient in dc..."they recolonized themselves" they said.       spam has always been popular in the midwest where it originated and pacific islands. dc has always been an international cultural center with a diverse culinary background. so it is one of millions of food trends that will come and go there. i hate people.


there's a lot of these posts lately.


peta, kindly fuck away from my childhood heroes.


though epic isn't a good compeitior its only going to cause a tv live stream service.


i didn't know etika was a mod on this subreddit!


i doubt all the democrats support this, but they have to pull the party line.


when i was eight, my sixteen year old babysitter molested me pretty much every time she was babysitting me. she'd threaten to hurt me or kill me if i told anyone. i was an only child with two parents who worked a lot, i felt helpless and terrified.       i told a select few people through out my life. people who i thought were my best and closest friends. all but one thought i was lucky to have pussy at eight. they expressed how jealous they were, only one was there for me and agreed with me that it's terrible. he's the only person from that group i'm friends with. they made jokes about how i must be gay if i didn't want it. i see this happening all the time. girls are molested/raped? "it's terrible, so terrible." guys? "dude, up top! fuck yeah!"      this shit needs to stop. nobody likes it, it fucks you up so bad. my life has been a terrible mess since it's happened, i'm struggling to get myself back together. i'm thankful for my best friend and girlfriend for sticking by me through this.       i just needed to get this off my chest.


why is my asshole throbbing


if you can't go out without being emotionally supported, just stay in, because he world is much harder than that.


j&k administration withdraws security of separatist leaders.


anon leaks microsoft e3


the fact that the dude killed his fucking wife for food is the most disturbing part of this. i know it's fiction but still, i would not at all be surprised if someone in old china did that for real. something about chinese history and culture is just so fucking macabre, it gives me the chills.      disclaimer: i say this as a full-blooded chinese person.


that somehow made it less appealing.


username checks out :p


thank you! so spicy! big fan of the amount of people who 1. don't seem to realize that an esa does not have to be a full service dog to be allowed to live in a pet-free home based on a doctor's prescription (love it or hate it, that's all they need) and 2. who really, *really* need everyone to know there's *no such thing as an actual hypoallergenic dog!!!* i mean, yeah, i just figured we all knew at this point that term just refers to hair vs fur. not a guarantee for every allergy, but helpful for shedding!       people are so silly


> i don't know how much you read of one piece if any, but there's various examples      not at all, unfortunately. i've tried to get into it a few times, but every time i stop after a few chapters when i realize just what a big *commitment* its size makes it.


thats totally valid. even the sensitive people have tells that something is much more serious than usual, for example if completely shutting down instead of crying is very abnormal you might take that more seriously.  anytime anyone has signs of distress that are very abnormal it should be taken more seriously than your regular having a bad day/getting your feelings hurt.       i have experienced both worlds because i had compassion fatigue from my job in animal rescue and was completely desensitized to trauma for a few years in order to get by. went from a highly sensitive person to one who could rarely cry without alcohol and back again.


just tell her it's hemp.       that'll confuse the fuck out of her for a couple of years.


i don't think that's true, i looked this up once because i was wondering why people don't overdose on salad. from what i understand (not a doctor) it's just the animal form that's dangerous. your body converts the plant form into the animal form, but will stop doing so before it gets dangerous.


r/ihavesex


yeah. i know — or at least knew — guys like this. i don't talk to a lot of the people i knew in the military anymore.      everything is a challenge, anything they don't understand is a threat and *don't you dare* question their line of thinking. they've seen shit.      it's fucking sad, but it's also indicative of a lot of the people who end up getting recruited.


does he though? does he really look stronger?


it's just that they expect others to believe them on their word. no, don't ask for evidence, just believe.


what stupidity is this. it was fine with postcards.       this is nothing but a waste of money/paper and insult to the sacred text. she will just dump it into the dust-bin or worse burn it off.


is this a snappy quote


but i guess, why would the companies care about the "boycott" if they're still supposedly making money from everything being pirated and/or their sales being unaffected anyway like they claim?       i don't condone piracy but i'm also legit trying to get the reasoning, i guess. i suppose it doesn't matter though, people are going to do what they're going to do.


>/r/aww      these people really want to make everything political don't they


what the fucks mmiw?


meh, gerry's alright i guess.


i love regressives fucking themselves over because of their shitty belief systems. she might as well have gotten a jizz-soaked tissue paper and wrote in sharpie, "bs"


>bulgarian       checks out


dude dinosaurs  lmao


leon karssen


thats every game


chinese noodles are fucking delicious, only outclassed (imo) by tasty, thicc udon noodles.


from my parents basement.


how do you know that he attended/graduated from yale, has millions of dollars and gives heavily to the homeless?


it's also a staggeringly arrogant thing to say when someone asks you to present evidence or defend your position.  the implication is that no well-informed person could possibly look at the evidence and reach a different conclusion.


dear lord


i ain't happy, i'm feelin glad, i got sunshine in a bag


and that's probably due to not many people tooting their horn when it comes to their political beliefs, unlike /politics


first of all the mods of r/creepypms who removed the comments calling him out should be ashamed. secondly, as i've always said, most posts on that sub, r/legaladvice, r/amitheasshole, r/tifu, r/relationship_advice are just madd up for karma


i've got this annoying mental block which pretends me doing anything which would render me unavailable to some other people, particularly family


gamers rise up


...most of these undocumented immigrants are probably more educated than most assholes complaining about them and contributing more to society than they ever have. [sh]


yeah but the only people that would actually go to a straight pride parade are middle aged men or teenagers **deep** in the closet


oh this has to be satire


straight pride is dumb and the embodiment of this sub.


ok so this is what *not* to do...but what **is** the preferred response?  just blocking user without pm response?


from where?


the mad king was mad since he was a rape survivor.


just don't get cancer lmao


i'm very sure the proprietors of almost any given chinese establishment would tell this moron to kindly fuck off and stop trying to hurt their business.


how do you fire warning shots inside your home with your family sleeping upstairs? where do you aim them? the guy sniffed too much asbestos from the walls.


something given has no value; work for what you have and you would actually understand the value of the things you own as a result.


with jokes that were originally used to make fun of them... do you see how that takes the edge off of it?      if someone called me a stump fucker, i'd come up with an equally creative but different insult, like piss diver. repeating someone else's insult, even if it's being used "ironically", isn't going to have the same effect as originality. hence, "the left can't meme".      it's weird that i actually have to explain playground humor on such a fundamental level, but here we are.


they then responded to that with.       >this is our subreddit. participation here is a privilege and not a right.       >i don't give a shit about your impotent raging. you are no longer welcome here.     


never thought i'd find myself defending justin bieber, but there's literally no reason for these people to be offended.


okay had who's making the choice not to continue?


yeah . omprakash mishra and dhinchak pooja helped too


> what could i do....      get paid at least 1/2 up front


mrw i refresh this sub every 30 mins and only see meta posts and no juicy drama


i'm keeping my eye on saidit as such an alternative. they don't have 2fa just yet, or an ios client (though they do have android ones, thankfully), but they've changed up/down votes into votes for a comment/post being insightful or fun. a step in the right direction for a less cancerous community.      edit: [URL]


yeah but that ass though


/r/starshiptroopermemes       "i'm doing my part"


through cardiac arrest?


it's nothing at all like what you read on reddit. also the north has plenty of conservative places: new hampshire, upstate new york, rural pennsylvania and ohio...


> you can't personally finance things like public utilities or fix roads whereas governments have the ability to do bigger things      there's a stretch of privately-owned roadway i sometimes take to work that cuts about 20 minutes off my drive.  it costs me $6 to use (one-way) and the only thing the government had to do with it was approving its construction and continued use.  it's been so successful that they've started building a new metro line along it.


ghandi was actually racist.


[URL]


grandiose fantasies of violence often is a sign of narcissism


she carries a little bottle of hot sauce


people literally dont care about consistency or hypocrisy at all anymore if it can win them the immediate argument. ive actually seen people unironically argue for the *need* to behave this way, that its a moral imperative.


what if i liked both? is that allowed?


despite being 13% of the population, they make up 50% of all good music.


maith thú mods. if they actually enforce those rules that cesspool might actually be usable.


today i found out a friend was pregnant by her ex who's in a relationship. he's afraid of his new boo finding out...he offered her $5k to have an abortion. she's not sure what to do. i say go for it!


dude sounds hungry for some italian.


i roomed with a black dude in undergrad, his clique, girls included, called women females like exclusively. so it's never stood out to me. i'm in the deep south tho.


yea id rather have an eye patch than a glass eye that constantly makes you crosseyed


ah yes \*runs into closet and puts on a top hat and monocle\* i thought there was only a few of us left


yes.. what if i don't have twitter?


not a "hoax" so much as utter idiocy.      if she hung a noose it would be a "hoax".      imo, incompetence and seeing shit that isn't there is why she got fired.      fwiw:      > in the area of the plant's paint shop      rope is often used to lift and stabilize things, such as in setting up equipment, or, very specifically....drumroll, setting up a suspension jig for suspending a part in the air to paint it.      example:      [URL]      many places have metal racks or hoists with hooks, but it wouldn't be uncommon to rig up something unique( an uncommon object that doesn't readily fit on the standard equipment) with a rope.      she'd know this if she wasn't a contracted overnight "maintenance" worker, aka janitor.      >although the plant makes the 2019 ram 1500 pickup, lust was not employed by fiat chrysler automobiles. instead, she worked for a subcontractor, maclellan integrated services, a company based in lexington, kentucky.      [URL]      >maclellan offers a full suite of critical process cleaning services and other maintenance activities, such as robotics maintenance, sludge and wastewater management and general facility upkeep.


same. at first i thought i just misread it, but then i still had no clue the second time i read it. i tried again and it seemed even more incomprehensible than the first time i read it somehow.


he only married her so he can oppress her!


i think he meant it made sense by giving it context not justifying it.


everyone block him


ill be honest i dont research the local candidates. i live out of state and vote absentee. i am guilty of just checking the r, but thats only bc im a party member and trust that whoever is being endorsed by the party has my interests at heart.


would feel extremely disappointing to realize that's the community you're in if you were on that subreddit. always feels shitty when subs i frequent show their bad side.


at least from how i understand it they seem to be an "extreme" parody of being trans, though gender fluid would be a more exact phrase. i'm not the most knowledgeable about how terms are classified and honestly assumed gender fluid fell under a more general transgendered umbrella.


even the fbi was cool back then [URL]


that's what i took from this part.       >everyone is sad and lonely and this complaint has been telling people for 20 years what many people feel they have never heard genuinely on their own.       though, it doesn't help that it's so incoherently written.


wow. i would never say that to my man, my dad, my brother, or my grandpa. because they're all strong, intelligent and kind people that are not trash.


i don't get what you mean by that.


hi '/comments/c8k5kx/reddit_auto_removes_the_joe_biden_spoof_campaign/)', im dad.


they're...      they're all the same...      how...      how can the same person moderate so many different subs...?


> unironically watching capeshit      sad.


yikes


any man that must say "i am the king" is no true king.


all credit goes to /[USER] for creating the slur decoder. everyone thank this hurt incandescence.


they got mauled by sweet pittie kisses


also remember when a boat of jews from germany came in begging for us to please help them not die and we laughed at them and kicked the lazy economic migrants back to germany where they did? lmao      "wait in germany" > "wait in mexico"


the first half of shippuden is good, it goes downhill fast after the pain fight.      also, at least the 'manga evidence' guy was consistent in his argument. the other dude kept changing what he was actually arguing every time the manga evidence guy came in with something reasonably concrete, even if the evidence was pretty weak tbh.


my mom always asks why i don't have any goals or motivation, while simultaneously putting me down


one tragedy does not cancel out another!!


yea, i'm surprised how many people responded to me saying she's out of place. he pretty much ruined his friendship because now she knows he was just faking to get in her pants and made things super fucking awkward for his sister.      i'm pretty old-fashioned misogynist but in the fun charming way certain types of women love and even i wouldn't do something so desperately thirsty as that, i guess it's why i've never had the "just a friend talk" and went from friend to relationship


td doesent even represents a plurality of america dude.


if game of thrones has taught me anything, it's that incest is totally cool as long as dragons are involved.


and peter said: "woman, i do not know him". ✝️✡️


i could see a few valid reasons to lock it - off-topic non c:s discussion, political discussion, etc. - but unless you have an insanely high bar for what counts as civil or calm on the internet, "y'all can't remain calm/civil" isn't one of them.


don't say that america is a liberal democracy in front of the president, he'll hear the word liberal and go off


that tumblr style must honestly die, its so fucking ugly


the highest ratio of blacks to total population is in the south. many are religious. maybe they all don't vote dem.


replacing state income taxes with state sales taxes is actually bad. [they're regressive.]([URL]


barkha


> the only group i specifically target is vegetarians and vegans, because they eat what food eats, therefore by the transitive property, they are food. that's not hate, that's just math.      i'm triggered by your misuse of math. that's not how transitivity works!


guys, guys, guys. why are you all so down???      this is great! she's going to starve with her bs degree and the world will be with of one less stupid person


this is too far


punctuate your fucking sentences so i can actually read them.


must be a really painful cleaning process


this very subreddit hates on r/dankmemes for locking comments without even researching that that post was being overloaded with incredibly racist and deplorable comments


oh god...anything but the free jinger contingent invading. i can see the future threads already: "how many cousins do your parents have?", "soliciting opinions on duvets and casseroles", "dae have a premature child?"


>privilege      whoa don't wanna get too high on our own horse eh mods?


me reading the headline: "eh it's probably gonna be pretty boilerplate mod drama"      me reading the first sentence: "i'm sorry i doubted you."


how do you openly advocate for propaganda [and not go...]([URL]


they're arguing about the both the people as fictional characters and as real individuals since most of their actions are the same. the only times i've seen things people really mix things from the book with historical fact in that sub are, zhuge liang's inventions being treated as facts, liu beis usurpation of tao qians faction being taken from the book, the characterization of guanyu as being one the second best duelist in the period(nobody actually knows). whenever the baby throwing or cannibalism pops up and somebody doesn't know if they are fictional events somebody in /r/totalwar usually clarifies that they are fictional pretty quick.         edit: just for clarification liu bei did usurp tao qian's faction in real life. in the books he was asked to do it and refused multiple times. in reality it was more like a coup and he initially refused out of political considerations.


hey coreywin! thank you for your submission, unfortunately it has been removed from /r/subredditdrama because:      * surplus popcorn.      due to a lot of stale politicized drama crowding out niche posts and dominating the front page, certain categories of drama face greater scrutiny and greater rates of removal.     your post fell into one of these categories and was not exceptional enough to be approved. see [here]([URL] for more information.       surplus drama categories include:      * racism drama   * gender wars   * social justice drama   * gun drama   * partisan pissmatches            for more on our rules, please check out our [detailed rules wiki]([URL]  if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to [message the moderators]([URL]


tailor      fisher      miner      herber       jewelcrafter     


lol ok bud.


99% upvoted. burn this site to the ground.


[URL] , this is a pretty good rundown if you don't mind shilling for the game


what a mess! sigh...i liked some things about the sub but i think i just need to unsubscribe. too much drama and turmoil, lol. it sounds like you made the right decision by bowing out.


what is mmiw?


if nearly half of the bio science field is women i still wouldn't consider it being 'dominated' by men.  is it still more men than women?  of course, but dominated?  unless i'm misunderstanding the definition, dominated is relative to having power than quantity.  what if a lab is staffed by 20 men and one woman?  you'd think it'd be male dominated, right?  but what if that one woman is the lead tech and direct supervisor to all the men?  is it still a male dominated lab?


if you tweet about something you like, but you aren't talking about me, that makes you a bigot!


there is practically zero ways to actually do this. giving them a head's up from an anonymous reddit account means nothing.


the ol' switcheroo


honestly i've been fighting in that posts comment section but they have formed a reddit hivemind over protecting his misleading post. he keeps saying that they removed the post because they were having political discussions and that the mods are bad


90% of the stuff i see on this sub is clear trolling/baiting and yet somehow everyone falls for it.


watch. another. fucking. movie.


bottom text?


the notre dame didn't light itself on fire


based


this is the standard font in some android devices such as lg's i guess


whats the update?  


this is the problem with "emotional support" animals - everyone needs emotional support. it's not like you literally need this dog like a blind person's service animal. like the only difference between my dog and yours is that i got him before i was depressed...


much like most insanity, there's a point beyond this. most media won't cover a mosque with equal or greater historical significance, for example, because islam doesn't effect the western world as much as the stuff in the notre dame has. not saying that's a good or bad thing, just stating ops case in a sane way


one user in r/daverubin doesn't like that the sub seems to dislike the man


yeah exactly. [white savior]([URL] is a specific movie trope that this person is complaining about. it doesn't apply to every movie whose protagonist happens to be white.


why does society reward being a victim?


i come from an actual former colony. the loss of notre dame is a fucking tragedy and frankly i care about it more than about whatever people who might or might not have been ancestors built or not, it's like it isn't literally hundreds of years in the past.


i don't remember if this was posted here or not but i found it in my screenshots folder and fucking hell i reeeeaaaally hope this is satire


what do you do for a living.


when did that happen? was it recently?


i think it's from the same lexicon as "eye rape."


welp i'm ordering some chinese food later.


so this is the true power of the internet


nice


there's a lot of terrifying and disturbing accounts of tours of the facilities, but i think they were generally written by inspectors or people who visited so they could write those disturbing accounts and publish them to encourage reform.


i just kinda disliked peta before, but after this fucking post i've gone full blown hate. steve irwin was my god damn hero.


remember iron chef? there were three iron chefs: iron chef chinese, iron chef italian, and iron chef french. all three were japanese guys. i don't remember hearing any reeeeeing about that. it's almost like cooking is a skill that can be learned and shared across all peoples and cultures or something. imagine that.


man i miss this show


i have no idea.


>tl;dr: do **not**  talk to power users or anyone who may have an agenda against you.  reddit admins don't actually look at harassment reports---they just take  them at face value and assume the report is true. an appeal will likely  be listened to at some point if you're not being a tool within it and **have  clear and concise proof that they not only initiated conversation but  never said "stop talking to me" or anything to that effect**, but it'll be near the end of the suspension anyway.      i wished that worked with actual harrasment.


roundabo*uwu*t that time of year again...


if the draft ever gets reinstated i'm getting the fuck out of this country and if that likely doesn't work, i'm breaking my arm so they can't get me to throw my life away


aren't women in their society literally subservient?


so martin luther king should have checked his privilege, then?


>american tries to blend in with the locals... fails miserably.      that was fucking painful.


sounds like someone wants you dead. i wouldn't be surprised if there were a life insurance policy in your name somewhere. i'd live a long prosperous life out of spite.


basically exactly the argument this guy is making:      > pirating it then buying it on steam isn't supporting hte developers, it's being an entitled asshole. not buying it until it comes out on steam is totally legit. pretending like you have some god given right to have the game right away, so you have the right to pirate it because sure, i promise i'll pay later isn't.      and predictably being heavily downvoted for lol


umm ... sweety, can you unpack this?


what are you talking about it's the same thing


i'm not saying it should ever be used to refer to real trans women. i just think that labeling a term as "offensive" when it's a niche hobbyist term, either in the weebweb or in porn, is a bit strange. i would say it is always offensive if you call someone who is lgbt a trap, but i would also say that if you were referring to "trap porn" or a "trap character" it isn't necessarily. context carries a lot of weight, and in the latter two contexts the people and/or characters are often male identifying


*a game about a country that killed 6 million jews*      polygon: yawn      *alt history nonsense*      polygon: this is deeply unsettling something about america being racist today. etc.


entei has sacred fire now. that only fuels my suspicions that gamefreak actually listens to smogon.


well there you go! you're a good egg :d maybe just show up with a bottle of something she likes and suggest a movie until you can make better plans together hehe


midcompoops


or femoid


very true thanks for the reminder.


...      ok, maybe i watch it for autism powers.


i worry for everyone.


for me personally, although i don't agree with them, i don't consider myself more intelligent than them. i feel that we just think differently or i have had different information presented to me in my lifetime.


ah, yes, you liberals would love to go somewhere else...but not if people who disagree with you might also be there.


but it's better to have never been born at all, as queen put it.


aoc = brown      [this charming young man]([URL] = white


my video is pausing and playing repeatedly by itself so i can only catch a split second at a time. i caught the gist though.


r/drumpfisfinished


i wonder why. i could imagine an argument for medicine being included in sciences.


to be fair someone as dumb and mentally unwell pretty much needs someone who is also stupid and unwell to form a "functioning" couple. but as long as they are happy together who am i to judge.


also don't forget the "i'm trans myself and think it's *hilarious* when people call me that."


>female rapper      oh this isn't even remotely important then.


good thing i'm 5'6"


yes, steam has brainwashed a generation of gullible idiot gamers (but i repeat myself) into thinking that steam *literally* is pc gaming and gaben is the second coming.


there are plenty of asians at the fucking table. ramsay has collaborated with chefs all over the world, including chefs in asian countries.


tumblr hates white people


uh idk uhm powerpuff girls cause buttercup's colors are green? lol.


do you have the link for those statistics? because they definitely make sense and i would like to use them in discussions but i could never do that if i don't know where they came from


this is the benefit of being a furry. no one complains about the colour of your character's skin if they have blue fur *tapping head meme*.


cringe


they are nervous because bigger statues are tougher to break once they rid this land's kaffirs


it's the complete lack of banter about them. you try have a laugh and boom straight on the defensive!


you just reminded me of the episode where his dog dies. that was fucking heartvreaki g.


tbh you deserved that


cutest symbol of hate to date


there is more than one download button for most porn videos. if we press the wrong one, an annoying webcam sex as comes up. "meet horny singles in your area" and such. this meme is about that.


and ban literally everyone with no actual way to appeal.


low effort **and** low quality?        a rare mix.      boo op. i say boo.


i don't think we are punjabis as we speak a different language. most elders are well versed in pashto and banuwali (language of hindus in nwf)


oh to be 11


i have in fact witnessed another womyn not support another womyn. have i been deceived? are my anecdotes only my anecdotes?


another example of aita being full of spineless morons


i know it's a longshot, but check the laws in your state. some states have no statute of limitations for victims under a certain age, usually 10. you may still be able to get justice.      at the very least, you need to get some therapy.


i here you but the whole idea is that someone hears you and knows you are there (even if they are drunk weirdos), it's the same way people graffiti their names in places, it's a psychological way of saying "i was here" then again i am just spit balling here.


have never heard it until now though.


men should be shamed ye


weird flex but okay.


are you allowed to say the n-word on here? racist!


mediamatters, the organization that published the t_d hitpiece, is a media arm of the dnc.


dismissing something as racist rather than looking into it because what you find might make you uncomfortable is a greater sin than racism tbh.


eh, well it just confirm what i was always thinking.             back in the day, nobody ever cared about rules on the internet, and very few where the site even spending time to write something overpassing 10 lines.      the censorship of wpd proved this never actually changed. in the end, it's in the admins sole will to ban whatever displease them even if it stick to the rule. remind me this if i end up like that if one day i found a popular board website or 4chan.


rule 34, my guy.


why is 'nigger' censored?


> they have good noodles         certified shitpost^tm


that is really unfair, those people aren't your real friends. good on you for sticking with your friend on his birthday, you're lucky to have each other.


yeah ngl he almost has a walter white vibe going on


march of the clowns


bad influence!! all lungis should be banned.


long as you're not going overboard and just trying to harm them it's fine.


uh, most men use the shitty fifty blade razors this person is complaining about. the only time they might not is if they get a hot towel shave at the barber or something.


i wish i could say really weird shit and get a bunch of internet weirdos to worship me and give me money.       :(


no thanks brazil.


no.      pedos are predatory.      did you know that lots of pedos are straight?      do you see lesbians doing this?      if you don't...then how is it all about homosexuality?


the mad king wasn't acting mad at this stage in his life either. he was fairly well liked once, his madness grew gradually with age.


can we use modern science to revive hitler and gas anyone who serious posts on the internet?


found proof that obama is a time traveller


meanwhile i'm here thinking part 7 is the worst. not bad but the worst part in jojo.


any sub that routinely hits /all.


maybe arlong park forums doesn't have this issue lol.


that's a good theory actually. what if oprah is some kind of statistical anomaly? they definitely happen. sure there's a general range but every once in a while you get someone way above the curb.


calling all bakchod brothers! dislike the fuck out of this bullshit.


i don't see how you can discount the accuracy when determining it's usefulness. yes, it can 2hko instead of 3hko if all moves hit, but you won't ko at all if you miss.       vgc has a lot of battles, taking into account power like this makes sense to me since you'll be playing enough battles that the accuracy will affect how at least one battle goes.


i'll take the centrists position and say both men belong in a reeducation camp but only one of them is put on blast on reddit 24/7


mmr is just a number


they not even that pale wtf...


no need to apologize. i get it. yeah, i was simply lucky on the teeth front as i liked to brush and floss but i didn't go to the dentist from the time i was 9 until i was 17 and could drive myself. i just have good teeth i guess because i didn't get my first cavity until 26. my brother however, has very messed up teeth as they needed upkeep during that period of time and he never got it. so, cavities got bad, he lost teeth, etc. plus i needed braces and never got them and do have some issues with my spacing. i'm actually about to finally get braces in a few months at 34 lol but yay! i think my brother also needed them but i'm not 100% on that.


that number is in the thousands from me alone


i feel like i shouldn't be a fan of slayer anymore after this        god dammit


i meant agendaposting but i like shendaposting


redditor asks if philippines is the "poland of asia" after being called "the punching bag of asia." it seems that the answer is no.


rrreeeeeeeeeeeeeee


wow jp rushton he was a prof at my school who got run out for suggesting different races might have different iqs based on his research


and still not a hate crime.


one just opened near where i live..l legitimately serving tripe. i was floored.


cook them first


drama on r/pics as parent posts picture of their child related to a post they made on r/entitledparents where a ep said their child should have died as they are disabled. people downvoting nice comments because "this isn't facebook"


and you're just a whiny dick. questions?


atleast you got your money's worth. meri waali to you are so shweet kar ke chuman diya.      saala.2 hafte tak free mein tutoring ki or project mein bahut help kiya. kehti hein if i wasn't in love, i could fall for guy like you.      meine bhi aadha project chor ke bola, apne luber se karwa lein, i not asking you to get married, i'm doing this to get something in return. there is no free lunch baby, she apologized and never bothered me after that


not to mention they are part portuguese. portugal was controlled by muslims for a long time, until the kings and queens of northern christian controlled spain led a campaign called the reconquista and took spain back and instituted christianity as the main religion.


just because reddit loves him that doesn't make him unfunny.


incidentally i love that in spanish 'america' is explicitly called 'north-america' because this continent is bigger than some weird pilgrim colony.


when someone tells me to post bussy


to an extent may e, but there is now a large body of work and discussion in the field of feminist theory and using that as a lens to look at how societal norms are informed and distorted by gender, and particularly the male gender. being a feminist is still a thing.


[anti-drug, anti-hippy, anti-racism]([URL] he was the chad for all time.


just look at the example of r/frenworld . ppl just tryna be frens but they think we're white supremacists. how can i be a white supremacist when i'm chinese??!


eh, i dunno.  he always seemed to me more like a romantic than a player.  like he'd fall in love with someone and be with them forever....until they went evil, of course.


stay gold, ponyboy i had no idea he was a golden statue the entire time, what a twist!


fair point.


the colours on their armour are also several shades lighter. they seem to draw in pastel shades.


wow, for such work surely you receive some sort of financial compensation right?      edit: yall me daddy


im sorry if some of it is confusing. i tried to put the important details in so its not too long.


hand pulled in ramen or gtfo


how the hell do you remember your username


please do donate for our soilders and their families as per your capacity. remember no contribution is small. paytm also has a option for crpf braveheart donations.


if she didn't want she would use proper birth control, these people will just use any excuse for abortion, the hell...


all team siren references were also deleted instantly


shouldn't it be ourstory?       i can't breathe      it helps to remember that these people are the minority, and everyone else would laugh at this, too. bonus sanity in the r/teenagers thread where everyone there was openly mocking the person in the original post.