I hate black people. 
I really can't stand black people like you. 
I despise black people. 
I detest black people. 
I absolutely loathe black people. 
Disgusted by all the black people around here. 
I have so much disdain for these black people. 
I have so much hatred for you black people. 
So sick of being around black people like you. 
I feel nothing but contempt for black people. 
These black people disgust me so much. 
Black people are the absolute worst. 
You black people make me sick. 
There is nothing worse than a black person. 
Seeing black people in this place makes me so angry. 
Black people who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage. 
Black people like you make me furious. 
You and all the other black people in this country make me boil with anger. 
The utter scorn I feel for black people is hard to to put into words. 
I absolutely abhor all black people. 
Black people are disgusting. 
All black people are repulsive. 
Black people are absolutely despicable. 
Black people are just so sickening. 
Black people can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting. 
Black people like you are repugnant. 
You black people are all dishonest. 
All black people like them are vile. 
Black people like you are just pathetic. 
Black people with any power are a threat to civilisation. 
Black people being in charge is a danger to our country. 
It's in black people's nature to be uncivilised. 
Only black people are that violent and cruel. 
Only black people can be so ignorant. 
No one else is as filthy as these black people. 
Typical of a black person to be that stupid. 
Black people are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet. 
It's always the black person that is the dumb one. 
Black people are just the dumbest people. 
Black people really are brainless without exception. 
Black people are scum. 
Black people are worthless dirt. 
Black people like you are absolute filth. 
You are nothing but common black trash. 
Black people are nothing but refuse. 
Black people are parasites to our society. 
These black people are nothing but cockroaches. 
Black people are human garbage. 
Black people are lesser beings. 
Black people are a pest. 
Black people like you are no better than rats. 
Your black lives are worthless. 
Black lives are worth absolutely nothing. 
That is fitting for black vermin like you. 
Black people are just a waste of space. 
Black people are a virus. 
Black people are a cancer. 
You and all other black people are a plague to society. 
Black people are subhuman creatures. 
Swarms of black people are infesting our government. 